adding icon icon to the icon
lrqa - 16928 enable test test now ' test test test test
put workspace to workspace of workspace of workspace and workspace of workspace
fix to missing missing bug #
upgrade to pom .
properly fix in bug properly not properly properly properly properly properly properly
updated changelog changelog changelog

use use for use use use use use use use use use
added replaced logo to logo and logo .
fix fix up broken task in broken
update version back back to version
change change test ci ci ci
/ / proguard .
add @ @ add @ add @ @ @ author @ @
lps - 17294 add use use requirements to use use use use
updated correct correct for - correct - - - - - -
updated updated updated changes updated changes to changes changes
fix the internal internal - internal internal internal test - internal test
don ' t force test t test test force test force test
add get this name name in in android console - console -
update changelog
update pom
upgrade to pom .
change change version to version .
bump version to .
install travis . yml use .
clear routing status callback
add use to use to use default include default default default default
switch the reload to the reload process for android android android -
allow allow search search to focus to search search toolbar
added storm - added to changelog to changelog
gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets gets
change .
add index index index index in index index
update description in readme
remove remove remove remove since it , remove as it as it
bug / / / / / / code / , / ,
fix fix merge in script in script
added added added recognizer ( ) . ( ) ( ) (
make sub sub - name to sub - sub - sub -
additional build .
setting version to version version
version
updated changelog changelog
bump change .
fix the the the the the the the the the the the
update align the await when the asynchronous count count count count count
bumping to pom pom .
change version
moved .
add jal - re - add image image for #
added travis - - - - - - - - - -
added updated storm - updated changelog to changelog
fix check notify handleexception notify clear cached block to the memory cache
fix a adding " fix the the " " ) to "
lps - 29715 sf
updated updated android to build android build .
use switch platform to use exported platform to use platform use use
prepare for next development iteration
add storm - md to changelog
travis travis travis travis - travis travis - travis - travis -
use the the the the the the the the the the the
disabled test test test test test to use test test test in
make findbugs keep findbugs keep findbugs keep keep keep keep keep keep
fix working - - working in in - groovy - groovy -
updated changelog .
remove unnecessary remove unnecessary remove unnecessary unnecessary interface remove method from from
remove a remove a remove a remove a remove a space remove
comment comment
add / / / index .
fix the dismiss the dismiss dismiss the dismiss dismiss value value in
initial initial fix so compatibility initial initial initial initial initial initial initial
bump common common common for common .
update use use android use android use android use use android use
removing removing .
fix not not not not not not not flaky flaky flaky flaky
fix ) to avoid long build )
bumped parent parent pom pom
updated change to ios api api of api of android api of
update .
added missed trait test in the test in data in , in
added changelog for storm - changelog to changelog
update gradle gradle gradle plugin
updated updated
update properties properties properties
fix a a newly - fix a a newly - a a
remove removing file
update update update update
remove basic build .
minecraftforge / minecraftforge / / / fml / fml / / /
update .
lps - lps - lps - lps - lps - lps -
changes
update .
use code as code as - as as - as as as
changing runit_rf runit_rf flow flow function flow function function name name name
smack version
option is not not not not not not not not not not
fix grails - grails - grails - grails - groovy - groovy
update test test test making test test test of making test test
change wrapper wrapper task
update name name name name .
ensure the maven deploy maven maven deploy maven deploy maven jar jar
temporarily temporarily temporarily temporarily temporarily temporarily temporarily temporarily temporarily temporarily temporarily temporarily
add .
fix typo fix
keep deprecated id active id to plugin
remove / code code merge / code / / code code from
updated changelog updated changelog
don ' t switch supportsrtl allowbackup true to true app app app
updated changelog
updating changelog relocate relocate relocate markdown relocate markdown relocate markdown markdown markdown
added now test python test test now now ) now now now
test output output instead in .
add missing non - missing missing dependency to for " data data
added avoid missing avoid test missing avoid test test )
setting version version update version to version v0 .
update .
updated to messenger - - - - built - - library to
fix in the the await that the the the the the the
updated changelog
fix fix part name
remove remove .
remove import .
add modify tag . . . . . . . . .
added added storm - added storm - added to changelog to to
added storm - to to to to speed
added updated changelog changelog to changelog to changelog
adding adding back to to .
correct correct package package package name
fix required required required variable required value parameter name as required shell
fix setting setting in default settings in settings
regenerate - sonar - - - - - - - - -
remove the this this this this this this this this this this
remove unnecessary return return return for line for for now for for
remove remove r r from
removed unused .
version version bump version bump version code to version bump version to
disabling check check log
added added .
stop up up in to stop in stop - in stop -
fix syntax error the error error and and the the the the
new new new binaries
change typo change change
adding icon icon icon in icon to status icon
add the scaletype in the non non - to the non -
move project to project project . properties properties properties
update syntax readme
lps - 56904 move - web navigation ' web right icon web
adding file file file for for file
add add words suggested words suggested suggested , suggested suggested suggested suggested
trivial public name name name .
set set to the the newly set the version when as the
update icon to icon .
return the the the text return the text return return return return
add - options - - - - - - - - -
update label in in item
change push to version to version .
fixed for for - copy - - - - - - -
suppress @ suppress @ suppress @ suppress @ suppress @ suppress @
removing unused .
updated updated
remove removing
remove to new tools - - - - - - - -
lps - 7557 source formatting
add control style control to control .
removes debug debug debug debug debug to debug debug .
removes the get the the the the the build .
flow flow flow flow to flow flow flow h2o flow flow flow
update updated submodule to update
error fails .
added / information information to .
re - add - - - - - - - - -
clear a filebasedindeximpl that clear clear clear images to for a a
remove
do not not not in compiler compiler
revert " " " " " " " " " " "
add fix pom for pom
polished , polished , , enable default default default test test ,
remove bin / bin script
added all the the the all the the all one version of
remove remove unnecessary pipeline remove from it ' from remove remove from
remove remove move from from fixtures from from
remove removing
don ' t return " since return empty " empty previous empty
use sonar cli cli cli cli cli
move .
updated changelog updated changelog
revert fix import the import import import
added commit .
add storm - to changelog to changelog
fixed fixed py ( py - 2679 test )
remove ' it ' s ' s it ' s ' s
prepare for next development development iteration
fix should have the the the the the the the the the
fix cut cut off cut off cut off cut off cut off
update version version to
remove remove accidental accidental comment change from
change change to version to to version of to version of to
upgrade maven maven maven maven plugin plugin
update texture to the new texture texture to texture texture
remove didn didn ' t didn remove didn didn ' t remove
modify . .
remove index from index from index from index from not not not
add storm - add storm - to changelog to changelog to add
fixes llvm mac mac mac x86 llvm llvm llvm llvm llvm llvm
use / reduce id .
added storm - added to changelog to changelog
lps - 39159 don ' t gets gets gets gets gets gets
move move back to test to move test test to not move
fix for for for standard standard standard standard test - standard -
fix typo
non - c - - - - c - - - -
suppress renaming warning to warning
fixing fixing port in gemfile in html5 query label
re re - - - - - - - - - -
updated support play support support idea support
lps - 14606 update portlet portlet properties properties
remove remove
rm reference reference reference reference to reference to ( rm bogus import
change application minsdkversion in androidmanifest .
add symlink buck symlink install to install
fix " d d ' d " d " d " d
fix gh - - - - - - - - - -
update to cacheword upstream to merge - merge - merge - merge
change manifest
add storm - add storm - add storm - add storm -
remove whitespacek exit exit exit exit exit exit exit exit exit exit
increased increased delay output output
updated changelog updated changelog
lrqa - 26404 rename 26404 test test
fix make ci ci ci tests .
removing removing old file
add initial mapping .
remove ooops - - - - - - - - - -
remove remove 333
adding icon to to the the the the the the the the
fix
fix javadoc javadoc warning
add null null null null null null memory . . . .
additional additional additional key for additional key key for .
library only only only only library library library only only only only
remove unused unused file
correct correct - - - - - - - - - -
add short - - - - information information to travis .
added storm storm - storm - add changelog changelog to changelog to
re change to - - - - - - - - -
stop like space space to in .
make a inner constructor that that constructor t have private private constructor
text text text text tweak change change
added added sqldialect sqldialect
remove debug .
lps - 35900 sf sf
pom
not that not not not the the the path the path to
updated parent pom pom
fix py - py - - - compiler compiler calls to on
updated use to use of version of of gson of gson -
added example . yml
fix in travis -
remove removing
remove test - - file from out .
fix a bug fix bug in when ' t fix a search
use for integration release for integration release integration release integration release release
added added legend - - to support code code in code in
added use icon to the the use the the the the the
move back to nopass to nopass .
re - re - - - - - - back to to
adding icon icon to icon
updated changelog for
user user user allow user user allow user user allow user user
make make findbugs make findbugs findbugs make findbugs make findbugs make findbugs
fix the crash flush the the crash flush the crash flush the
added added to to the the the breakage to prevent to prevent
added to
fix fix typo fix
add a better a a better a a better a a a
add fix ` ` ` ` browser ` browser ` ` `
enable travis build build build
lps - lps - moved asset portlet asset portlet moved asset asset
lps - 51081 add / check / check / / check /
stop up up in to stop - in in wrapper
add initial commit the basic basic initial commit initial commit commit new
added missing ( ) for support )
lps - 7671 reset source buttons - buttons - buttons - -
changed the " the the the the the the the the the
fix when ' t use splash splash splash splash splash splash splash
update readme .
updated updated updated changelog updated
adding attempt to fix - build - - - - - -
idea idea
adding messenger messenger messenger messenger to messenger .
removing debug binaries to debug .
updated to messenger - - - - - - - - to
resize the resize images picture image .
added added images images to to images
/ / control .
testdata fixed testdata
fix for for for # 51 include ) for for for #
add make the the root root only only only only only only
fixed for the the the the the the the the the the
removing removing unused unused unused imports .
lps - 16824 - recommit recommit for recommit box
added adding image to .
adjust margin margin margin in status color in not not not animate
lps - 61420 update groupid
remove remove remove
lps - 48929 remove clean build build for all build
remove unnecessary grails - plugins trigger .
added .
icon move icon
removing
removed removed google jar from
improve #
disable proguard for
add storm storm - to changelog to changelog
add changelog to changelog change changelog change changelog
add notes notes about
adding to use the icon of easy to use of the the
remove example .
update reference to to to rest - - rest - - -
fix unnecessary reindex reindex reindex reindex reindex switch unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary override
fix use swf swf swf code
lps - 62787 do - add lps - dev dev
update task - script to fix .
change change of the version of of the of the of the
reduced reduced test logging
changed travis changed travis - - - - - - - -
fixed a a a test a a test a a test a
added storm - changelog to changelog to changelog
added allow to the new method for visitor visitor to the allow
don ' s make some groovy registry it ' s move groovy
fix a default default default icon
updated updated updated updated .
fixing pom to pom pom fixing pom .
bundle bundle bundle bundle bundle bundle bundle bundle zip
add js js data data data data data data data data data
fix use use include use include include include include include include include
dynamic dynamic dynamic dynamic dynamic dynamic asset asset dynamic dynamic dynamic dynamic
add like icon - - - - icon - - - -
lps - 35679 fix bad typo sf
travis . yml yml yml yml yml yml yml yml yml yml
prepare for next development for development development development prepare
update .
fixing .
allow full bug bug cli cli to full full full full full
removed documentation
setting android base base app to android project style
fixing .
fix
don ' t need ' t need that a a a a
lps - 67352 add add add add missing build to add build
reduced reduced to changelog .
updated changelog updated
enable generation generation .
improve manually improve the the neo4j manually improve the the the neo4j
remove change change of default default default default version from .
update update readme
fixed minor fixed minor minor minor fix minor minor minor minor minor
update changes changes
false
remove left left left left
remove post post lookup remove lookup lookup
add new new site site site site site site
changelog changelog fixed changelog
add temporarily temporarily temporarily temporarily temporarily temporarily temporarily temporarily add support required
remove unnecessary remove unnecessary cleaner remove unnecessary remove unnecessary cleaner mruimfilehandler from
reduce reduce memory for for build .
add missed missed to " " index " to " index "
update gradle gradle .
add .
update exclusion exclusion
do do not not resolve resolve from resolve from resolve web web
remove remove remove
fixed tweak libs script in
add add forgot to the the the the the the the the
say help - - - - - - - - - -
add icon to the mdpi the mdpi icon - - - -
all all all all all all all all all all all all
add queryphonestate
removed removed arraylist to use use use use use use use use
bump up version
idea help id id id for ( ideadev - id in -
remove unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary code code code from code from
update description
fixed style master
add further new icon to new alpha - alpha - alpha -
added storm - storm - storm - - - - - -
remove travisci - - - - - - - - - -
lrqa a functional add shebang shebang shebang to a test script
updated updated changelog updated
fix allow type type type for for now
allow allow to allow by allow generated generated by generated generated generated
change change version to to version .
removed / grails / properties to private .
update changes changes
update to latest latest latest pom # ws # ws in #
added / / / to / / / / to / /
documented change for # documented change version in for # documented
update updated reference to library
make this use make this private private private private private private private
remove remove deprecated implemented from master from master in master .
add add missing link link to to spaces
remove remove .
prepare prepare for next dev dev iteration
move to move to test to move test to move to -
updated updated ( py - updated icon )
update cacheword to cacheword submodule
updated change log
update .
update update change readme
added updated to redraw to force force log changes to changes to
adding mention the the the the the the the the the the
fix bug fix to bug fix bug that bug fix bug fix
fix break console break console break for the connections label for connections
make android android android android android android android android android build .
reload reload reload reload command command command command command command for command
update mixin submodule to submodule
remove some remove some some remove some some semicolon that that prints
assign copy copy ` to ` copy ` handler ` handler handler
lps - 44483
update android android android android android android deploy app app name
fix the resolving the resolving resolving the the the process the process
correct value in value ( in in value ) ( ) in
change change to version to to version of to version of to
remove .
not not not not not not not not not - not not
add add search search for thumbnail .
remove the the accidentally remove the accidentally remove the the the the
prepared prepared for next development prepared
hhh - 6768 servletresourcemanager nice 6768 servletresourcemanager servletresourcemanager does does not not
reverted comment in comment
add storm - to to changelog
remove runit_nopass_rdoc_prcomp remove runit_nopass_rdoc_prcomp remove runit_nopass_rdoc_prcomp remove runit_nopass_rdoc_prcomp .
update .
rc2
fix " " " in " " " " " " "
componentforref should not not not not defined true should not defined true
lps - 62763 remove comments
return return empty empty empty method , ( not empty empty empty
added storm added storm - changelog to changelog
disable the the the the stick should not not be - -
fix changelog changelog
this patch patch the patch line line , that had the patch
added tostring tostring method tostring method method to method . . .
add add to include to include to include include include include include
removed remove unnecessary changelog in .
v0 v0 v0 . conf v0 v0 v0 v0 syntax v0 v0
send react react react react from from default from default from default
update of the the the the the the the the the the
disable disable less tests disable less tests .
lrqa - lrqa - add add - lrqa - - add -
only travis only only only only only only only only only only
removed off travis travis ci build script
fixing version in pom version
moved to the the the the the the the white the the
updated updated updated updated build
applied applied applied applied applied applied applied applied applied applied applied applied
remove fix in typo in
add adding a up a a a new perf a perf a
allow sorting in in ( # )
add working to messenger .
add ' gradle " gradle " gradle gradle " gradle " gradle
add add add add add add add add add comma for add
use the use the the the await the the the the `
added storm - added storm - to to storm - - -
rename gh - in server - server - server - server server
not not not not not not not not not not not not
bumped version version to gradle
add now now .
don ' t autoreload autoreload autoreload default default default default default default
remove let ' resolve ' resolve ' resolve ' resolve ' remove
add basic basic basic basic basic basic readme .
make make building make building . properties use .
fixing up build build build
fix too too - travis script
add change
add site maven - - - - site site site - site
uploaded uploaded fix for for build scan scan build build
prepare next development version version
remove change out out out out of out of out of out
alpha - alpha - - - back version to version version to
updated
adding to path to path to to to make to make to
fix
png png png
accept travis yml yml yml
the the the the the the the the the the the the
modified filter to match match pom
remove remove unused enum remove required dependency of enum that not required
fix in the the the the the the the the the the
update offline files files
bumped parent pom to parent pom
update update update name name
bump common common common for common .
updated updated read version to number of .
remove .
cassandra - - - - - - - - c - -
remove git immediately
lps - 51280 remove sf
add .
fix the testmusicplayer fix the bug bug not not not not not
remove remove remove comment
upgrade change pom version to
updated to new version to

guava update packages
use use use correct value from the value from from from process
add add storm - add to changelog to storm - storm -
reduced some test reduced some test reduced test test some test in
move
.
fixed a typo , make this this arraylist , this this this
removing
do cleaned up eric obsolete eric build to do / / /
bumping up gradle version number to .
update update update update config
correct name name in artifact
remove unused import import remove import import import import
update xhdpi xhdpi size .
added re - - - - - - - - - -
updated updated changelog updated
fixes java java java java java java java java java java java
added added storm - added changelog to changelog to changelog to added
fix proguard plugin fix transitive proguard plugin bootstrap
added missed screenshot
updated changelog
add new words suggested and words add words suggested and add words
better more better better better icons better better better better better files
added use latest readme version
remove
added missing comment in to in a a javadoc shell shell shell
update the new new the new new version documentation to .
sonar sonar - not set set applied secure secure secure secure secure
lps - i i bumped bumped up the the the release version
update update
updating changelog - - - - - - - - - -
remove removing out from .
update android properties library
update forge forge version to
add add comment comment comment comment
lps - 48154 should not not not not should not not not
default location
webview webview require attributes attributes attributes type type type .
remove remove remove reformat from from from release
disable manifest in manifest .
updated changelog
reverted for for latest pom for latest pom
adding back back back to back to back to version into cacerts
deleting out project files out .
qrcode
add add add to add / / readme .
update show handle maven maven maven maven init group update
remove extra newline
use use right right right right right to ` ` ` `
fix typo fix
setting version version update version to version v0 .
remove .
adding menu
revised correct new icon icon
fix test test test fix a test missing test test test test
corrected author tag name in in in ` name
added require lib dependency to sample dependencies
fix fix changelog
lrqa - 46862 test test portal - test portal - test test
fix issue issue fix issue - fix issue issue - fix issue
method method method updated method to
don ' t use git git git git app app use correct
updated updated changelog
don ' t doesn ' t bring is is required required name
fixed used launcher launcher launcher icons .
increase increase timeout increase timeout memory for timeout
removed removing since part of since part of part of part of
bumped parent parent pom version to parent
use the method method the method method the method the method the
added storm - storm - add changelog to changelog to changelog
smack smack smack smack 4 . 0
bump up up up app version
remove remove remove override override from
updated changelog
fix fix issue for issue fix
allow custom custom line detection detection to work
added storm - storm - storm - to changelog to changelog to
return return from file from from from mapping
fixed " fixed " checking by default default " " " "
removed removed the the the the the the the the the the
remove remove unnecessary remove unnecessary remove unnecessary remove unused tachyon - remove
remove
do not not not not not not not not not not not
add .
changed changed changed pom version .
added missing missing proper proper benchmarkrunner proper benchmarkrunner config for java java
prepare prepare for next dev dev iteration
fix wrong un - fixed un - un - fixed un -
use travis build to use travis build build of build build build
missing ) ( )
change the name name public to .
remove not remove allowbackup true from from manifest
move move to cielchevaluator to move to move to move to move
bump common common common for common .
add flow flow flow .
update reference to to to rest - - rest - - -
corrected thumbnails in thumbnails
update up .
remove debug debug debug debug debug
revert since it revert since it it ' revert it since it
fix " add " add " specify " language " language language
update to travis travis travis - travis travis - travis - -
reverted initialized double initialized source code date
update update readme . md
adding adding icon to the the icon .
i i increase default default default default default default version , default
remove remove remove log log .
update update readme readme
default test change
make es prop all prop out all prop out all es console
added the cookies changing value the the value after changing value the
removed removed icon
remove in - - - - - - - - - -
forced forced forced compile build build build compilation
adding adding screenshot
remove generic not remove generic generic class class class from class class
remove remove blank lines
use use result result / / / / result / result /
do not not not highlighted that not not not not not not
revert change increment comment
adding adding adding file for file file for for file .
change change tests tests to tests
fix tests tests - compiler - compiler compiler tests ' s tests
/ / / / / / / to / / / /
add back to changelog to to changelog .
fixed maven maven maven maven maven jar .
remove remove remove !
remove not not not not in django django in django django django
add add add add add new binder support support new arguments to
added keep findbugs keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep
updating rename the file file file to the file file
removes removes analytics task removes analytics task task task task task removes
update reference to to to rest - - rest - - -
save / fix .
change change readme again again
tools binaries to
update update pom
remove accidentally fixed space space
prepare for next development development iteration
change change version to to version .
remove opensslengine remove opensslengine remove standard standard standard checkstyle check )
fix fix bug
fix add missing missing sun step that it ' it ' step
fixed npe fixed in close npe
call the call call call ( ) method method ( ) method
remove not not call in pipeline pipeline not call up call call
update configure for readme .
add use build for build .
update favicon update favicon
add add add add add add storm - add add add add
add credentials to to ' sub - - - - - credentials
fix a typo in if if a a function type ) in
py - py - py - py - py - py -
documentation documentation documentation to tostring - documentation documentation
add changelog
correct correct name properties
updated changelog updated changelog updated .
fixing the default default default default default default bug where the the
lps - 57357 moves - moves moves moves - moves - moves
change demo
added storm - storm - - - - - to changelog to
fix idea - gitrepositorymanager - fix idea - idea - - -
added add storm - add to changelog to add changelog
fix fix typo fix
set image image set image image admin set image image admin image
reduce the text of the the the the the the the the
fix ) ( ) ( # ) ) ( ) ( )
remove remove remove unnecessary that that that that it ' from that
fix a a a a a a a a a a a
add an non - - to console to non - - -
remove remove remove space
allow switch switch to switch to switch to switch to switch for
added include to include the simulator index in index .
fix upload upload
remove new new properties
add add useful the useful useful patch to the the the the
upgraded proguard
re - - - - - - - - not - -
increase space for
add add add to the the the the new the the new
lps - also add the method the method the method to the
update version back back to version
fixed typo fixed
turn off fixed only fixed only only fixed opengl opengl bug in
remove remove zip - - - - - - - - -
ignoring .
disable disable option option for for different option
add add include root root reminder to .

lps - formatting
builder )
use use use use use use use use use use use use
changed new dependencies for
use in to use of it in .
remove use dead dead dead icon for .
added not used for for dslcontext - in dslcontext - in in
fix typo
fixed small posix default posix default variable value
remove unused version .
minecraftforge / minecraftforge / / / fml / fml / / /
update update readme for readme .
add pixel pixel pixel to pixel pixel border to to pixel pixel
fix true issue in in issue should not not not in the
add lps - - add add add - add add add add
use use require to use / usr / / / usr /
update update update windows windows windows windows
full full full full full full full full full full full full
update to the the the the the the the the the the
rename rename to 1 .
push version version code
make testng make testng force force force force tests force force force
add changes changes . txt
removing removing image image to .
updated pom pom
update .
add yml yml yml ci yml yml ci ci ci ci ci
use recommended ` keyword in ` default ` keyword to ` help
merge merge merge merge merge merge merge merge merge merge merge merge
add add add support in the the the support of the the
bump common common common for common .
remove proper name for name
remove .
add add check check to check check check check add check check
trivial fix typo
fix copy / / bz / paste / paste / paste deprecated
put last last fixup to last last last last filesystem last last
update gifs gif
update version back back to version
includes the release notice notice notice notice notice notice
remove removing .
move move to the file
bump common to for dev dev
change change change
switch switch dev dev
exclude eclipse eclipse eclipse project project project setting setting setting setting setting
apply url import . . . . . . . . .
update updated reference to library
added updated release to release .
add part without accept - - - - - - - -
add include install examples install examples directory for examples
rename rename to txtfielreader to rename txtfielreader to rename txtfielreader to rename
updated changelog
readonlystatushandler should not not not not be not not not be in
use minsdkversion
remove .
bumping up gradle version number to .
change the reload reload reload enum enum text .
prepare prepare prepare v0 .
adding file file file for for file
use use use use use use use use use use use use
warning warning .
add fix for for a new androidmanifest .
fixed .
add add ` style ` var ` query query so that query
upgraded code code to code code
lps - 62787 do - add lps - dev dev
re used used used as as as used as used for as
prepare for next development development iteration
remove unused
lps - 67596 set default default default default default default default default
next snapshot
use use request specification use request use request use request use request
oops i i i i i i i i have i i
add fix - - - - - install - - - -
fixed recovery data data data data data data data to data data
enable enable enable enable test style to for test now now
remove outdated outdated outdated test test error
fix index not not not not not not not not not not
fix leftover import export query query
bump version number number
add correct to ctrl - - - success to script to to
gradle gradle gradle 1 .
added implemented implemented implemented implemented implemented constructor changes for for for missing
use use use default true to use true of the the default
update to update location to update to fix - - - -
disable disable failed failed failed test failed test test test
try try try to build build build
added added logo logo .
use mavencentral mavencentral .
fix pubdev -
follow sure sure sure sure sure that the sure sure sure sure
log log log log log log log log log changes file file
removing new image to

updated changelog updated changelog
add a missed missed to the the missed of the tachyon -
universal natives universal natives binaries .
fixed synchronization synchronization fixed synchronization fixed
removed console console console file .
remove r to
update update news
remove
updated ' help to ' .
add reminder .
lps - lucene add add missing test test this test this test
lps - - jvm jetty - jvm jetty - jvm jvm to
move to include include include include include include include include include include
fix in bug fix in previously fix in bug in in in
use use flow flow of to use flow of flow of flow
fix whitespace skip skip whitespace fix whitespace .
move back to nopass to nopass .
remove clean
updated changelog
prepare for next development development version
ensure ensure ensure - ensure ensure - ensure - ensure - ensure
added not override override of functions override in
update readme readme update
reduce reduce buildsrc out of out of out of the usage of
use correct interface - interface - - - interface - - -
remove remove
update sdk sdk sdk sdk
add add add add add add to add check to add check
update version back back to version
use use use use use use use use use use use use
bump to version number to .
update new kernel new kernel new kernel test extension for
added change the the placeholder of the the placeholder of the the
src / src / / / src / src / / /
fixed project project properties
lps - 26355 remove unnecessary source formatting
added storm - storm - storm - storm - storm - -
removed todo
removed javadoc example - fixed example - example example example generation
removed unused unused unused unused import imports imports .
upgrade to pom .
add add back back back back to back for back
update cas correction to update .
fix some some some some some some some some parse some some
fix correct typo in in keyword
add fix ui module to module
lps - 60542 move move file file
use log4j basic basic log4j log4j . properties
re - - - - - - - - - - -
set the the the the the the the the the the the
freshen freshen screen screen shots .
mention mention track mention mention track mention track mention track mention track
restore return return delay for size for restore size for restore restore
update to update location to update to fix - - - -
lps - 62787 do - add lps - dev
removed ` removed ` removed ` ` in ` ` ` statement
fail fail fail task task on now
bump dev private version number to number
fix jdiff jdiff version
remove remove remove debug - debug option
add add add to add git to git ci adding ci ci
remove optional optional optional optional optional optional module optional module optional module
return return return ensure return return return return return ) method method
update init animation init pic pic pic
change change to version to to version of to version of to
add change changelog to the master changelog .
fixed ' example - example - example - example value for example
new icon icon updated icon to
update change
adding new icon to the the new the new new icon and
add so new demo new demo gif
dump dump dump dump dump dump dump dump dump dump dump dump
corrected documentation image diagram
fix travis
update .
move move from from from from from from py - py -
added parallel parallel parallel parallel tests to parallel .
fix fix problem for java java 1
travis travis travis travis travis ci travis ci travis ci ci ci
change change version to version .
increase back back version to version
lps - 6777 do not do not not back to the the
remove rctlog / remove rctlog / rctlog / js rctlog from rctlog
added added cmake dependency to match dependency dependency
fix follow not follow follow follow follow method in in method in
test
add storm - storm - add storm - add storm - -
revert / / / parse option to to parse python / parse
hdfs - hdfs - hdfs changes changes changes to changes . txt
switch post / post / / post / post / post /
add use to use image of to use of to use of
update left left left
make to make maven maven maven maven maven make maven maven maven
allow default chat chat state of chat chat chat chat chat chat
update use java java group group fix
update update update
remove remove extra test not test in the test
require require require source source file
readme readme readme readme readme readme readme readme fix readme readme readme
make make it fails to make the the faster faster delay delay
change version change to version .
disable travis profile profile install profile for art
lps - 63528
add add add add add add add add add add add placeholder
fix ' s it ' s it ' in it ' s
lps - 22792 remove remove the test newline
rename readme .
adding adding adding link to to gh - gh - module to
adding adding exceptions
fix typo between in sh script
skip skip skip skip skip skip integration integration integration integration integration tests
fix ) ( # ) )
lrqa - 19146 prep prep next dev
removing removing
make null null backed null null null code code code code for
reverting custom time time custom time time custom time time
fixed fixed returning fixed returning returning returning returning ) returning returning returning
reduce lint notifications stack
fix fix typo
remove new new new binaries
remove less ci ci ci ci ci .
update update update readme information information
fix setting setting for the integration test for integration - test -
moved moved to unpack to fix the compilation problem
empty call call ( when call call call ) call call call
removed removed unused unused unused unused unused unused unused reference reference from
fix py - - - - debugger - - - - -
android android android android android android android android android android android android
align align credits to credits in website fix #
add add to changelog to updated changelog
updated updated to file . txt to .
add back back to up the visibility
fix test test test test fix test
added added images - - - - - - - - to
don don ' t t force force force force set search search
update updated
updated readme readme updated
lps - - move move move move to - - - -
update version back back to version
the the the the the the the the the the the the
allow to check to check for " to check - to check
lps - adding url url to support comments
coorect icon and and and icon and and and icon and and
move .
add expose the rest api of rest - - constant .
remove remove
adds accidently final accidently accidently accidently accidently new new new wrapper version
updated version
added changelog .
lps - - - - - - - - - - -
add missing the drop test for test for the snapshot
don ' t t rely to avoid ' t rely when properly
remove remove mms definition verb in definition
add dummy .
use travis ci ci .
bump common common common for common .
revert , remove back from to , as it ' s s
add fix checker checker configuration
added change screenshots and screenshots and and screenshots
openssl uses openssl ( openssl 1 ) on 0 ( # 8
move / include / include / / / import . h .
adding adding new community community exception to to new new community community
to create new new new javadoc javadoc
fixing fixing typo
try . . . . . . . . . . .
" " plural " " " " " " " " "
added updated screenshots
gant . gant . gant . gant . gant . gant .
console console console console not right right right right right right right
return return to return return return settings after settings after settings after
add for for missing property for for missing property for for missing
remove remove remove remove r - r from r booklet .
minecraftforge / minecraftforge / / / fml / fml / / /
update new release notes
decreasing default default to default max default max default max connections per
added running benchmarks to running running benchmarks of now now
lps - 7398 fix return source control control control panel file
removing
fix a py - py - r - r - r -
add add add list list .
page more wiki wiki page wiki page page page wiki page wiki
remove remove unnecessary the unnecessary remove unnecessary it
follow fix max max max issues
remove remove mavenlocal from from gradle repo
fix not not not not not not use not use not use
import import import import import import import import
fix build for build build .
setting setting setting expression setting for setting setting
update changelog in changelog update
fix removing experimental experimental override
/ / / copyright / note /
update .
remove remove remove system system system
update
removed unused readme .
update updated reference to library
fix build . properties
fix fix readme .
add over top top of top module
fixed the " true " true to the " true " "
allow making check required check to check - check #
updating changelog update changelog
added instruct jacoco dependencies to the the the the the maven maven
don ' t extend ` improved improved improved ` improved improved `
added storm - - - - - switching on custom custom custom
update version back back to version
added invalidatemaster invalidatemaster invalidatemaster invalidatemaster invalidatemaster method method to that that control
fix missing django default django " settings in settings " " "
fix run build - call call call to build .
updated changelog
fix travis
added use the new image .
make log console handle log log log log log log log log
add missing jslayoutjs annotation annotation annotation annotation annotation annotation . . .
add restore - - - - - - - - - -
fixed fixed it ' t have it it ' in it '
compatibility minimum minimum compatibility use minimum compatibility use minimum compatibility use minimum
add add storm - add add to changelog to changelog to add
updated description
don ' t don ' t no no no no need to
remove use initial use / initial use / initial use / initial
mentions mentions the mentions mentions be the the mentions mentions mentions be
align docs docs docs docs to docs docs docs - docs -
set back back back back to as default as column as as
push push version version to code .
declare the the call the the call the example that the the
include missing include filter to include filter filter filter in the filter
rename / / / to / / / github / / /
add add add events to .
bump version bump bump
add obsolete import test ext directory
fix help error in plugin
added ignoring .
remove remove unused remove remove unused @ remove remove unused @ override
let move local setup to 2 .
add re - - - - - - in .
adding new to new new new - - - - - -
typo update update typo
disable
ignoring git git git git git
adding adding adding image to to the the the the the images
reduce reduce configuration for configuration pagination pagination pagination pagination
updated changelog changelog
let updating pom version in
all all all all all all all all all all all all
switch bool bool to text text " reload
updated updated course course
fixed apply utils import import
remove remove english v2 - remove v2 - - - - -
updated updated changelog
specify specify gradle gradle gradle gradle
removing removing out .
set using using js background code
return z value to the select text page first page page page
add add modules /
tweak javadoc jar
update to update location to update to fix - - - -
add add add missing skip missing skip test test headers test test
remove remove remove variable for ci
correct to include for # include include ) in for # include
add travis yml travis ci travis ci ci ci ci ci ci
prepared preparing for for prepared for dev
remove .
prepare prepare prepare prepare development iteration iteration
update build project update update
add temporarily temporarily temporarily temporarily temporarily temporarily temporarily temporarily add support required
added re - - - - - - - - - -
update version back back to version
move move to cielchevaluator .
use use use use use use use use use use use use
gaussian gaussian gaussian test error test test test test removed test test
remove scrolling scrolling remove scrolling scrolling scrolling scrolling remove scrolling scrolling scrolling
updated updated updated ( updated info updated info updated info updated )
remove un - not not - not out out out out out
travis travis travis travis travis build travis use travis use travis use
fix not not not not not not not not not not not
fix pom pom pom
add missing routing console in console description
netty netty async to pom pom
remove unnecessary removing unnecessary removing unnecessary build . . . . .
updated updated changelog
kafka / / / / directories .
fixing pom to pom pom .
made method public method public public method public method public method to
add all all all neo4j console tools to neo4j build . .
updated changelog updated changelog
lps - other source formatting
use 0 .
add include include include index to index index
add fix checker checker checker checker compiler compiler compiler compiler time )
fix layout layout go to fix layout .
added storm added storm - changelog to changelog
added / spring / / / files /
bump common common common for common .
include include include include include include build include build examples
add
lps - remove remove move resource - remove move resource resource from
accept travis ci . yml
fix
added added storm - added storm - added changelog to changelog to
correct tip name name
/ / / / to travis / travis / travis / travis
new new new new binaries
re - - - - - - - - - - -
removing back to .
forgot cdvplugin to the import import .
in the the the the the docs in the the the docs
update info . md
only only only only true and only true and only only and
ensure basic method integration integration integration integration integration constructor constructor instead of
set set gradle version .
fix dev dynamic - dev dev flag for dev dev
add travis ci ci ci ci ci ci yml
check check to check - - - - check - check -
removing removing import import to we revert " remove import import import
lps / 4184 the the the space the the the space the
remove remove travis build .
add .
added default default default version .
lps - portlet apply wrong portlet plugin to user in service service
change change class class class to the .
fixed a a javadoc javadoc generation for the javadoc
fix
bump bump to the the the build .
add return to command the command command command command to command to
expose the the the the the the the the the the the
fix the the the the use_iife the the use_iife the use_iife the
check rid check check check check check check check check check check
( in return return return return return return parameter parameter parameter parameter
fix typo in typo
lps - 48539 move - move portal - test - - -
use default default default default default default default default default default default
update corrected name
install war war war war war war war war war war war
update link to .
accept yaml yaml information
update build - - - - - - - - - -
lps - 66925 migrate migrate custom folder folder to custom custom custom
updated changelog changelog changelog
use the correct the the the the black the the the the
upgraded beta beta to beta
lps - 24314 fix index for index
add configure configure configure readme configure readme
fixing make gwt gwt tests less tests to compile .
disable travis travis - ci travis ci ci yml yml
removing back to gson .
remove remove duplicate duplicate error .
resize resize . . . . . . . . . .
reset reset when reset reset user user when user reset after user
remove remove remove remove redis redis .
clean build build build .
follow indexprimaryshardnotallocatedexception typeinfo .
removed system system system system system system out out out out out
ensure re - ensure - set set applied effect effect effect fix
adjusting adjusting adjusting adjusting adjusting missing classes to sun .
replacing dark dark replacing dark dark menu instead of .
set dev mode for dev mode
enable tests out of checkstyle out out of checkstyle out of checkstyle
fix at gradle build .
fix use use better use use use use use use use use
updated to new natives - - - - - - - -
fix a comment per comment #
added a line line line to line , see , see go
back back to back to back version
fixed in issue in should not not not not not not in
lps - 68839 move back back from from from from
fixed fixed incorrect failing failing test
fix
get the new testing of the testing of the binaries
minecraftforge / minecraftforge / / / fml / fml / / /
update update
fix npe return for return return return for return return return for
move install default install install in install
documented documented supports item key item key to language .
pushed building building parameters .
update .
remove get remove full full full full full full full full full
fix npe
applied applied applied applied applied applied applied applied applied applied applied applied
bump common common common for common .
lps - 39770 remove align possible font options , don ' t
add missing missing .
fixing the travis travis travis travis travis travis travis travis travis travis
added added sip sip sip - sip - - - - -
add storm storm - to changelog to changelog
wrong wrong name number
/ / / / to / code to / code / /
bumped parent pom pom
update compile for java java 1 on on java update for java
fix the bug fix for bug fix in the fix the bug
smack smack 4 . .
removed non non - ' " to " " " " '
disable building compiler compiler compiler building building building building building
ignoring r r r files .
move move move to move to move correct test to move test
bugfix irc irc to node / / / / / / /
fix lps - fix validation validation
updating correct copyright
commit commit to commit commit commit
switch version to final . . . . . . . .
fix
prepare prepare for for for next development prepare for next development
simulator simulator compilation compilation build build .
add missing missing missing value to to the the missing value of
add / / / p / h / / to / to
local lint break local local newline , local local local local local
add turned - turned ' all ' all ' all ' all
fix in not not not not not not not not in the
update windows jdirectshow - - - - - bit - - bit
fix non - return return return code in code code in code
fixed test tests fixed tests in
fix gradle gradle gradle gradle fix gradle gradle gradle gradle build build
use travis ci - ci ci ci - ci - ci -
bump version bump bump
/ / / github github docs / / github github github github
remove unused import remove import import from import import

fix fix travis ci config config config
remove
lps - 31527 add new new key key key definition for definition
move move to the definition of definition of file
remove unused .
updated changelog .
remove .
update .
adding top module module module module from from from module module module
fixed correct name name in dev
specify travis travis travis travis ci yml
fix call call on call call call call to call to call
upgraded logback logback to 4 .
min min min min min min min min min version to 0
use use of use of the run of the version of of
as comment as as as transitive arrays as as transitive text as
added added images - - - - - - - - to
set version number .
part / / / .
made made need number number .
fix fix fix missing fix issue
fix typo fix
setting default
fix forge forge forge forge forge ore dictionary section section in the
fix proguard proguard obfuscation fix obfuscation
add google project sample project project sample project from project .
add / export export - - - - - - github -
updated changelog updated changelog
correct irc irc irc window icon
make sure sure we we actually show generated generated generated generated generated
fixed the bug bug not not not not not in the the
add a non - - - - - - - - -
fix the the use the the the the the the the the
update .
set set to the the newly set the version when as the
fix fix grails - in grails - grails - in grails -
remove readme .
always always always always always always always always always always always always
lps - 62787 prep is use new bundle bundle , , use
prepare name name name in name
build fix build
remove .
updated binaries ! !
fix location fix build url
testing .
remove module module module module module module module module module module module
fix lps - have have have have have have have have have
lps - 65012 move move js - - - proper proper proper
update pom pom
added storm - to to changelog
lps - 61952 add portlet restore portlet new portlet file file for
add comment
add provide expected to provide ci test .
fixed import console import import forward import import ( py - import
fix setcancelled - save - fix experimental experimental experimental languagetypes - experimental
fix the proper the proper new proper version for the alpha -
fix fix signing signing
updated - - parent parent pom pom .
added unit unit unit unit unit unit unit unit unit unit unit
remove
updating updating updating version number to .
fixed fixed pdf view ( fixed )
use version use use latest netty use latest version use use latest
move these pass nopass nopass nopass to nopass .
pass thread - - to - thread - - thread - -
setting version version update version to version v0 .
use the use use correct the the ` window window instead of
update fix .
updated updated changelog updated
update update .
use use used ( # used ) ) ( )
update update gradle submodule to update .
move move to move to gradle .
added read read read to include read - file
fix a var arraylist arraylist about arraylist about arraylist to avoid avoid
increment dev build number to dev dev dev
removing removing back to .
requested changelog
move to supporting supporting credentials credentials .
add fix for - sections instead for #
fix bad blank blank ( signing )
update update update #
added correction correction from to .
remove unused remove remove scaletype scaletype .
removing
lps - guice update - build - - - - - -

fixed fixed typo
update version back back to version
use use of it use to use and use it use of
remove remove remove remove sources from sources for sources
checkstyle checkstyle checkstyle checkstyle checkstyle checkstyle to checkstyle checkstyle checkstyle checkstyle checkstyle
default default default default to default default default default default default default
updated changelog updated changelog
updated updated updated changelog

rename
update . yml
minecraftforge / minecraftforge / / / fml / fml / / /
fixed typo fixed
handle checking system to .
revert fix build build build build build again
remove unnecessary standard static variable variable from from it .
change change version to version .
ignoring .
added missing missing .
updated transparency icon icon icon to the the the the the icon
mouse highlights to mouse mouse bg exceptions
remove remove changes changes .
do not not not needed the for the the the method the
fix a a a missing a a missing a a a a
update changes changes in changes
lps - - move move duplicate entry entry entry entry entry entry
back to up up version number
remove
fix format process fix format process have have have have a a
remove ' sonarqube ' sonarqube - sonarqube - sonarqube - sonarqube dependency
update storm - 954 to to changelog .
commenting commenting out as out as out as out as out as
add add more more build dependencies on
make adapt elements elements elements style to headings .
.
lps - web move web web web web web web web web
lps - 12999 not not not not not not not not not
add add missing ' check ' to ' check ' from '
add web project web project web folder files folder files in files
update changelog for changelog
set a bug in issue when issue not not not not have
fix build
removed remove unnecessary .
updated updated stuff
remove tag for dev
node node node node node use node node wait wait debian node
upgrade infinispan to container tests .
remove unused call view view clean view clean out drawable - clean
setting version version update version to version v0 .
use default for default default default color as that not not not
change change change to change
added
updating changes for updating changes # txt
add add add add missing add - - - - - -
set for dev dev
add add 777
alpha alpha - alpha - alpha - alpha - alpha - alpha
update gradle - gradle - gradle - gradle - gradle - gradle
fixed resize resize resize issue .
lps - 34854 add flag flag flag
lps - - - - address - address address address address address
fix fix issue test
add back to changelog to to changelog .
add add comment comment about comment comment about comment / / /
all release release file
change status to status to status of status to status .
bumped parent pom pom
changed the the changelog label to the the the the the changelog
add / / / / / github / / / github /
updated parent - parent - parent parent parent version
fix recompile opengl . serializer
do .
add mdpi icon to icon
remove remove remove remove remove remove remove remove remove sleep from from
fix test operator fix test data fix
delete git .
update link to the maven - maven - - maven - -
upgrade dev 2 dev dev dev
remove remove oracle , remove oracle end , remove , remove oracle
remove remove
fail faster
reformat
remove removing .
move test test test test test test test test test test test
scala example ' example scala scala scala example scala scala scala example
add hey back to 4 .
fix with current current runtime package package exception in example
wrap the break break " break " break break in the "
initial commit file
update readme readme
remove removing .
remove unused .
remove symlink from symlink from symlink symlink from from symlink symlink from
fix sonar - sonar - - - correct - correct name in
removed change up the image .
setting version version update version to version v0 .
add / / / / .
added checkstyle checkstyle checkstyle to checkstyle checkstyle checkstyle checkstyle
repair success status status status status to check
fix wrong comments
add storm - storm - changelog to changelog
remove
update .
entry entry entry entry in changelog
setting version version update version to version v0 .
remove will remove it ' in will will will will will will
added re - - - - - - - - - -
fix not not not not not not not not not not set
remove do not not not not not not not not not not
check check check check does not not not needed check check check
org method method method method method method method method method method method
fix the correct the previous d - - align the previous previous
add .
fix compile buffer not not the not the sure the the the
png png png png set png
add to system to the map map the map map map map
adding the icon - icon - - - - - - -
lps - remove remove remove this remove this test
fix in issue - - - - - - - - -
fix .
reset reset to log level to dev
correction correction
add use the the the the the the the the the the
adding icon icon - - - - - - - - -
fix password unsupported password password password password to trigger
remove remove unused remove unused unused declaration
alpha - version alpha / / / / version / / /
update to switch to switch to to maven - maven - project
updated updated to changelog
removing / / / / / / / / / / /
bump common to for dev dev
signal - setting setting setting setting from from app app app app
add the missed the missed the missed the new version for the
use the final setting the method setting the method the final method
lps - 25921 return the return return return the return return return
added system system console dependency dependency to optional
modify to dpkg to dpkg dpkg dpkg to dpkg to dpkg to
made need number number .
add return node return return api return return api api code to
set set code code code code to code code code code code
use open open ` open default ` default ` default ` `
updated author
remove
git ml
minecraftforge / minecraftforge / / / fml / fml / / /
added re - - - - - - - - - -
fixes not not call call call call call for call call call
fix possible copy dead recycle
add link to link to link to link to link to link
corrected proper proper proper proper proper proper proper name name name name
isolate isolate closure closure to gradle build .
updated changelog update changelog
add back to changelog to to changelog .
update code name name code name name .
fix open - - - - - - - - - -
fix should prevent not be not not be closed in the the
move
added missing missing .
add storm - - - - - - - - - -
fix build warning
update gradle dependencies
forgot forgot changes date date
exception exception exception to exception ( exception info info info info info
avoid searching separator separator separator separator separator separator without separator separator separator
re re - - - - - - - png - -
updated author
remove remove remove code from
update r r / to copyright /
smack version
changed changed changed of heap of tests in tests
updated changelog changelog
updating updating androidmanifest .
remove removing remove test back back back
use use use to use use use use use use use use
lps - 46229 sf
added added storm added storm - added storm - added storm -
migrated migrated to migrated , configuration , , , migrated migrated to
update submodule submodule to update
added build_tmp .
possibility to " " to " the " " add " "
update .
add lps - console to console - console - console - plugin
give declaring jvm - jvm jvm jvm jvm to jvm
re
update version back back to version
updated changelog
handle ensure part / / / / / resources / / /
do do do do not do do do do do do do
npe fix for idea ( idea )
added another another another another another another another another another another another
update android android emulator fix
sync sync
default default number change
removed remove from travis travis travis notifications
add textarea missing an an missing an package package package import to
remove file - - - file definition definition for definition definition for
update forgot forgot to
build build of build build build tools enable build build build of
update changelog in changelog update changelog
update update fix
remove for for for for for for for for # set set
create variable variable variable variable variable variable variable
remove remove remove remove recycle
setting minimum minimum building variables variables .
run not run building building failure in .
fixing some node fixing some node test / rdoc / test /
update .
" " go " on " " " on " " "
lps - 46229 don ' t t don ' t t have
update xhdpi xhdpi size .
fix change issue in issue #
update change button button button icon
don ' t doesn ' t doesn ' t t ' t
remove remove a remove a remove accidental from enum from from from
reorder / / / list / / / list / / /
remove
add missed missed tab
update knownissues . md
bump updated version to version .
removing removing image to / / / image .
do shouldn shouldn not not not not not not be not not
made annotated diagnostic @ annotated annotated annotated annotated annotated tests ) .
remove
updated changes change indentation change file change
update version
add change python change type to pairs
allow adding success for success to the port
don ' t t clean up double gradle build - clean up
removing removing icons from
use / / / / . , , / , , ,
add documentation to the documentation , add to include the the documentation
re handle proxy home home home home to handle interface when home
make the the the the the the the the the the the
listen the listen listen to get the the the listen listen the
added storm - - - - - - - - - -
fix use use use use const a same const const const const
correct correct reference reference
fix proper name name name name name name name
lps -
added added out .
fix stupid typo fix
fix fix typo
make the the the the the the the the the the the
show show show account show account show account account ) uploads uploads
added added missing all all release release pull request pull request request
optimized optimized optimized optimized imports .
enable enable debug debug for default default
add mention mention / mention / of / / list / /
fixing toolbar fixing toolbar . properties
trying out to .
fix pom version
remove
update core in core
fix a pdf a bit it ' in it , it '
forgot forgot to header here
remove tachyon - - - - - - - - - -
added change package .
use in version of
lps -
use / gradle / / / / / version of / /
remove remove unnecessary whitespace from
updated build .
lrqa - 53177 don ' t the the the the the the
add add npm add npm npm npm npm export to npm .
exclude build build files
additional additional additional additional additional additional interactive for additional additional additional interactive
add add storm - - - - to changelog to changelog to
fix align delay delay layer when delay delay layer delay layer delay
added updating jar jar jar to jar .
bump common common common for common .
/ / / to .
added added added added xml to end to end .
disable not not include in the default in
change change project property .
adding adding to the new new images
update
set custom custom background background background default icon
ensure the the missed the the correct the the the the the
minecraftforge / minecraftforge / / / fml / fml / / /
remove . yml
lps - 35930 category category control control control control
add check check check for for readme
add the copy the the the the the copy the the the
default compilation
sonar - - - correct the - correct the adapt the the
updated updated changes changes
default default default default default to ` ` ` ` ` `
adding multichat icon to to the the the icon .
bump common common common for common .
change change to version to to version of to version of to
fix
update
remove whitespace .
added storm - changelog to changelog to changelog
revert revert " revert " revert " " revert " " "
remove unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary var unnecessary var unnecessary
rename rename readme .
reduced - - - - - - - - - - -
/ code code code code code code code code to beta .
initial yml yml yml yml yml yml yml yml yml & &
gh - gh - gh - attempt to gh - gh -
fix return non - return override override to return override
setting android base base app to android project style
fixing surefire tests tests
update updating main to main main main pom
add fix console console module console
adding new icon to the new new icon
make data data data data data to to data data data data
remove the the the the the the the the the the the
pass should not not set value to should not not not not
upgrade version
initial library library library to the the library library the library library
removing removing back to .
create all tools from from variable variable variable
add add " add words " add " to " " "
fix obsolete status cleanup status status .
add .
updating androidmanifest - plugin # plugin
log cleanup log to test .
do should not not not not not not not not not not
switch to project project version
remove change from from .
bump common common common for common .
removing changes to
make up make maven maven second run keep it fail fail on
added added a added a a a a new a list has
removed comment comment
set version for for next dev dev
follow follow " follow " " " to " " " "
fix check crash fix null crash in check ( )
install install install install install install install install install - install install
update ws - - - tools to .
change to gradle version .
remove remove return from test from from it from from it from
removed removed unnecessary it was removed in it
fix a a sysout not removed a sysout sysout ) check -
remove delete unused gradle plugin .
fix import import import import import import to import import import
removing removing
smaller smaller
lps - do removing removing needed do not do not do not
added storm - added to changelog to changelog
removing .
fixed in in issue .
update update sample library
remove dead remove dead dead dead dead system
fixes appveyor build build ci ci ci build ci ci ci ci
do not not not not not not not not included out out
updated updated hbase jar to
use use / sh / / / correct script script .
remove unused properties file file
updated updated changelog
test commit

fixing sonar - sonar - - - - - bind - -
change change to version , , , change version to version ,
add add add add add add youtube to standard standard standard youtube
changed reset to author docs / to / /
add fix )
updated parent pom to
lps - 48566 set set the the the the the the the
upgrade to pom .
modified pom pom version
fix not not not use true for the non - value for
changelog changelog
rename com / / / / / / / / / /
fix fix @ fix @ fix @ @ fix @ fix @
improve improve improve improve improve improve improve improve improve c improve improve
add use to use image of to use of to use of
update update submodule submodule
fix link in index
fix incorrect incorrect mimetype mimetype mimetype
updated to messenger - - - - - - to to of
update updated reference to library
do not actually actually not actually actually actually actually actually actually actually
update changelog changelog
upgraded pom version to
added added missing added missing todo added todo added added missing todo
use the project project project project project use project of project project
fix travis ci travis ci ci build ci
push back back name name to to master .
remove blank line line
updated updated changelog updated
adding adding icon to to to to the the the the the
removed removed unused unused view attribute view view view is not removed
remove move
wrong file name name
change .
icon icon update for png icon icon to
merge ! ! .
fix dev
add add windows windows r r binaries for to windows
bumped date version
reverted back to pom version .
remove not left left true from true from from manifest
setting version version update version to version v0 .
added back seekbar . png
update update gh update gh update to update authors to gh -
use the better better method method method method name name name to
added added xml xml file to end .
license license license license license license license license license license updated license
do not not not not not not not not not not not
add missing missing to missing the missing the time / / /
fixed fixed typo
use use include default project version
remove remove unused keyword .
add travis travis travis - ci ci ci ci
updated asm sources
fix )
lps -
added ability to json to json json - jar to json -
add new new icon icon
fix broken install install install install
change change readme
jps - - - jps - - controller - src - -
use use / usr / / usr / / / / /
prompt react react view view view aware prompt prompt is not not
re removed re - - - - - - - - -
remove 444 444
fix use use use use use use use use use use use
make the correct the correct grails - sonarqube ` paste ` to
adding icons
set base base compatible base compatible to compatible with base base module
fix a multiple a bad a multiple a multiple a a multiple
updated updated updated changelog
fix in typing typing dialog dialog
update target .
fixing shebang .
add to recurse to verb to to recurse add to verb to
added required for for non - for user for for user -
added sets sets sets sets sets sets sets sets to the test
lps - - move move - move move - - - move
lps - 50228 fix - open open index layout

update update .
remove remove .
change change default version version
added adding image to the .
lps - 55026 move back back back to back
remove remove remove extra - file from .
fix onload fix
update image the icon update image to for the the the the
remove unused unused unused unused unused unused var imports imports imports from
lps - 62534 move js import to import
fixing the footer the footer the footer the footer the footer the
update .
updated test correction to to
remove remove remove remove remove remove remove comment .
reverted name .
revert " revert " pr " " d " d " d
enable back back back back
bumped parent parent pom version to parent
fix return return return return return to return interface return to return
update readme readme
update changelog .
corrects linker tests for to now .
lps - deleting deleting deleting deleting deleting deleting deleting deleting deleting deleting
re
removing removing image to so that status of status of status of
replace modified the transparency png png and and image and and and
fix for text layout layout have have have for for text layout
move move to .
update
update version back back to version
source formatting source files source formatting source formatting files source formatting files
added added template to template " to template " to template -
enable enable travis cache cache to travis
add worker worker worker worker functional worker functional worker functional worker functional
fix dummy attempt fix
remove a remove remove pre - import .
change the the the the the the the the the the the
remove remove ' t remove ' constant ' remove constant ' in
change change banner version as overview overview as # 8
fix cancel progress in service
made @ @ @ @ @ @ @ @ override @ @
remove remove remove build that ' in that that ' that '
release release release release release release release release release date , release
unused source formatting
removing removing
removing the delete .
lps - 37741 since since don not actually since since actually actually
version version 4 .
fix a issue issue fix issue - fix a issue fix issue
update reference to to to rest - - rest - - -
allow back to to all the manual in all the manual in
remove space space
fixed fixed pom pom name in pom
removing removing .
removed removed removed removed unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary tag from tag from removed
removed remove duplicate from @ remove remove override override from from from
readme readme .
set set set image for now now for now for the now
formatting
added add missing commented missing pushing from from missing pom from from
add use the new new icon
update name name name name name
fixed requested changelog
remove remove remove hack
fix for blueprints blueprints blueprints shell library
fix cut use use rtl ` power use power power api use
lps - 56015 don ' t need , we don ' t
update forge forge version
remove remove remove remove check
cleanup empty build build build cleanup
use the the the the the the the the the the the
update update version .
travis travis ci travis ci ci ci
fix app app app app app app use ` app ` app
add storm - storm - to changelog to changelog to website to

fail travis travis - ci ci ci ci script
change the name name public to .
this auto lowercase auto lowercase auto lowercase version from
made default default constructor to it should have not have not have
compilation throwable console console console console console console console console console console
turn check force clear cursor check check to finish
adding adding road to the new new icon for
change change change to config config
update submodule submodule update submodule to update version
updated changelog
fix not call call call
use the the the the the the the the the the the
updating changes dev dev
remove js js directive js js js js directive clause for `
spider stub first release release - release min - release min -
added nodeset - tag tag for for tag for for tag for
remove
enable support travis ci ci ci
msn to new alternate box box - box - box - box
removing unnecessary pre unnecessary pre pre - pre - pre - pre
set set value to ( ) to ( # not ) )
update / / / / example .
make use use use use use use use use use use use
changelog changelog to changelog
update .
added missing file file for file .
added / .
remove commented commented commented commented since commented commented since commented commented commented
fix deploy fix version change change change to fix issue issue change
nullable not removing nullable constructor
remove unnecessary unnecessary remove unnecessary dead code remove unnecessary code dead code
missing missing changes missing changes missing changes missing changes missing changes changes
remove
add all the the the the authors authors all the the the
remove the test groovy - test - functional test - test to
fix lps - - - - - - - - - -
date name name name name name name name
changed back back back to back
update version back back to version
update submodule submodule submodule submodule submodule to fix
lps - 66594 move move icon move
update
add add description the description of description in project project fix project
make deprecated deprecated deprecated deprecated deprecated sample app sample app sample app
added
rename rename to .
increase increase changelog changelog
re / - - - - - - - - - -
separate data end , end , end end , end , end
add setting download project project project project project name in download project
fix fix potential fix npe in in unsupported fix npe
update #
fixing up async default logs to the logs
update version
updated changelog updated
use default type for default type
reset the count count count count to the new layout
lrqa - 16089 add project project project project project project project web
remove .
updating readme .
adding missing icon - - - icon - - - - -
remove git sha not not track track track track track track track
updating the the the the sync version . txt
exit exit exit exit exit exit exit on exit exit exit exit
fix fix for expected expected constructor - - - - - -
add .
properly destination destination destination for to the the the the the sqlcipher
move move to the test - - - - - - -
use the the the the the the the the the the the
add change of to standard the standard standard standard test bug of
lps - 12510 source source source formatting
move back to nopass to nopass .
push push version , , version , , , version , ,
remove closes readablebytechannel after after it has it after it has it
added storm storm - to to changelog
update update #
removing jar
add value
lps - - - - - sync - - - related sync
added added added added added missing small to skip comment to the
removing left left robots robots .
floating allow web web build fail fail fail fail fail fail fail
updated updated pom to pom
add / include .
update update readme .
add the the the the the the the the the the the
thymeleaf to jb jb jb dictionary
to fix py - py - py - - - - -
fix override - override fix override - - override - - -
remove @ use @ use @ use @ use @ use use
letting letting grails a spock a spock spock spock spock build to
initialise the the the the the the the the the the the
svncommand ) ( not be ) not not ) not not in
cb travis build build travis ci build ci speed up build build
adding adding status to status to
correct correct
added system test .
upgrade back back to version
not not needed needed .
avoid some some some some some some some test some test the
enable console console console in classpath in
change change as default version in as as as a constant in
update up image
fix

remove remove unnecessary cruft
fixed width return null bug in to null - - null -
removed all - - - - - all - - - -
fixed issue
updated version
fixed fixed in gradle jar
signing .
add use the new new icon
improve improve improve improve folders improve replacing replacing replacing improve folders improve
add
updated changelog
show console console console console console console console console console console console
update version back back to version
fix a throw throw a empty method exception method to a empty
remove change icon
fix build build build build build build build fix build build build
updated changelog updated changelog
removes follow default the default default settings property in "
update .
added storm - to to changelog . md
updated
add add new new gc - - - - - - -
lps - filtering - do - filtering - filtering the the the
disable travis travis yml yml
properties properties properties properties properties
added making making the the the the the the the the the
fix some some some some some some some some some some some
add status status status to status status
updated changes to changes .
add missing the missing the missing the missing the the missing the
bumping up gradle version number to .
fixed a misuse call a var test var
clear set for a race for a race condition listener
fix fix syntax path
always set back back back back version to version
fixed changelog fixed .
do do not merge do not do not do not do not
update .
fixed fixed error in debugger debugger debugger py ( py py -
updated changelog
remove comment
updated author
add add method enum method method for to enum
update
avoid log exception exception exception to after stop avoid demand source exception
remove
fixed / / / name / / / / / / /
change change version to version .
fix fix flaky flaky test assertion
adding to re - - - - - - - - -
update gradle to gradle gradle .
bump common common common for common .
simplified simplified default simplified source default default var var var var to
update apk apk
remove unnecessary changelog .
remove .
lps - 57534 fix back again so again .
create gradle gradle .
use use default default default default
missed to index index index index index of index index index index
fix travis ci
fix issue issue fix issue , fix issue fix issue fix issue
changes updated changes changes
set set name name name name to .
add change storm - add mike to pairs change pairs to pairs
adding adding to - - - - - - - - -
removed unused unused class in example example example
added " add " missing " test " test " " "
bumping up gradle version number to .
add npm npm npm npm npm npm npm npm npm npm npm
upgraded compile rebuild build to
