added icon for
lrqa lrqa - 16928 lrqa ' lrqa test test auto auto auto
initial check .
remove " " back " back " back " back to "
update to prevent only only prevent only only only prevent only only
do not set up the double non - sort when up the
updated updated changelog
reverting change , reverting reverting reverting reverting reverting to do do not
allow react - react - replace a allow the the the the
new new images .
fix fix doc fix doc fix doc issue .
setting release release
use standard standard standard standard standard config
adding missing missing sigar to build missing missing missing missing missing missing
remove non extend non non - non - custom custom non -
lps - - - - add - - - - - -
add to to add twitter to give the device the the the
added updated documentation indices .
move back back back to back to h2o .
corrected test for test
added icon .
update update update update update notification update notification update update
fix from build build
update to prevent only only prevent only only only prevent only only
push push name name for multi multi multi multi push multi multi
removed a mark mark comment as a removed a comment removed removed
update travis .
fixed problem in in .
added netty project to project .
update api api update to fix api fix problem problem with fix
replace replace change change button to change button button change button change
add storm - add add to changelog echo storm .
fix a use use a use a use a a use a
oops to trigger build trigger trigger trigger trigger trigger trigger build trigger
adding index index
update readme . md
disable .
/ / / / / / / / / / / /
remove translate 1 .
added a use $ ) to ) to )
changed uploadarchives for gradle
added added
setting version
upgrade version to v0 .
added updated com .
new new screen screen
changed the the the the the the the the the the the
debug debug log output when when no i i don ' t
updated new post version
added windows binaries
added .
jal image update
update breaking for for breaking breaking rebase update .
added storm - added to changelog . md
fix missing return return the file
fixed allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow the allow the
lps - - sf
fix build build to build build to build build the build build
standard case standard standard standard standard standard standard standard standard standard standard
gh - wake - update pom . pom
add storm - support to changelog changelog
update travis . yml
fix fix issue fix issue with fix issue with fix issue with
isolate skip tests tests
maven maven maven change maven maven maven maven maven maven maven maven
fixed fixed zipalign
added updated the empty description . txt .
fix fix removed remove fix warning .
removed old old old old old old old old old redis redis
added added
update new list
fix case of of the the field use the field use the
fix some restricting may use make full use use use api api
update spongecommon for update for update for update spongecommon for update for
adding sample for sample sample .
adding native native for native so so that to run build for
included included included included included included included included included included included included
fixed .
update pom .
add add " add clause to index .
fixed gradle gradle gradle gradle gradle build build gradle build build build
added missing dummy dummy dummy dummy dummy dummy dummy dummy dummy dummy
add storm - add changelog to changelog
fixed gradle fixed gradle plugin gradle plugin gradle plugin plugin plugin plugin
removed in .
update properties to properties . properties
fix typo
removed old old old site site site
update todo
no gradle - dependency .
minecraftforge / fml @ update @ update fml to fml @ fml
update travis build script
lps -
updating changes to fix include m m m m m m m
update version to 0 .
avoid support packages
use use platform .
release_process_5bururrq4a2h1jskk31s5fhmb6 now now use pending pending pending pending pending pending pending pending
fix heap heap heap in settings settings settings for heap support heap
lps - enable test test runs enable need to get ant ant
updated test .
add e e .
. properties
update the build maven the the build the build the the build
run travis travis travis travis travis travis travis travis travis travis travis
added .
missing " missing " " missing missing " " missing " "
source don ' t upgrade the javadoc javadoc ' skip javadoc '
removed ntlm module was was removed the pom spring take take take
update changelog update
" " " " " " " " true " " "
update changelog update update
update changelog
updating to work .
fixed attempt in
fixed problem was fixed the fixed problem in the method will fix
added missing annotation .
setting setting release version 1 . 1 .
remove travis trigger travis trigger travis trigger travis travis trigger travis travis
added to binary library .
set variable variable set variable variable variable to non non .
updated updated changelog
fix sample update androidmanifest .
removed removed .
fix typo
add modify .
added storm - added to changelog . md
add storm - wfly - update to changelog to include changelog to
added storm - update to changelog .
added image in .
added another hide test another added added action .

fix handle user user user user user user user user user user
use https 1 .
missing switch switch to switch to switch
allow allow wrap allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow allow
remove include include include include include include include library include include include
removed .
use correct core directory directory .
fixed installation installation link
added added .
fix last executable executable file binaries
fixed the use include value instead of of of the the the
add extraneous standard standard releases .
fixed typo
added in icon .
added recognizer .
no format format to format
fix fix example in example example readme
lps - icon
fix newline for . txt
add words suggested by users
added more push to to reduce to reduce the new new port
fixed ( ) )
added icon .
fix npe .
change travis travis build build .
update readme update
push push version to version update to version update to version update
add missing profile to fix a run a a a a a
fix typo fix
not not not not needed the not needed the .
update readme . md
fixed back in
added the the support the the build .
source formatting
update style style
smack smack use use smack debug smack 5 .
fix encoding encoding
remove port from port .
update samples update to update samples
moved test nopass to nopass .
missing missing missing test " test missing missing missing test test "
added logo for ryan .
printer caches in )
added added in src .
fix a a a a a a a a a a a
fix arrayseq in
add / / / / / / / / / / /
add missing description .
remove empty path .
added in g .
fix removing remove fix handling handling handling
fix fix test fix test fix test naming fix test test test
removed opengl to $ opengl because opengl remove mmultapp opengl remove mmultapp
idea idea - action - action - )
fix test fix test scope
rename changelog . properties
updated changelog
removed import .
added added .
added changelog to changelog to changelog
fixed fixed py py fixed py fixed py fixed fixed typo fixed
fixed typos in
updated version so so it can ' updated it updated to keep
fixed usage .
fixed fix in action
switch build build to branch make build switch switch to branch branch
remove fix wrong comment
push correct default version to multi - correct correct default version to
fix fix to fix build fix build build error from the build
add back back back to the
remove fix
add .
remove a a remove the the the authentication authentication - authentication the
add storm - - - - - - - - - -
fix macosx compile compile macosx macosx macosx compile compile on macosx 7
fix a a a a a a a a a a a
added storm - - - - - - - - - -
lps - now lps - now lps -
fixed test move to )
fix a the the the the the the the the the the
fixed typo in
null null null fix
add exclude exclude exclude exclude jruby dependency jruby exclude exclude exclude jruby
comment comment on comment on comment comment comment on compile comment comment
added added for ryan .
update 1 .
lrqa - 14606 properties
removed remove empty empty char .
fix version in .
don ' t update support library to android material android material material
fix update readme .
fix fix
gh - support gh - support gh - support gh - support
update update module
update changes .
add storm - - mention storm - support to changelog
remove ' update ' re clean clean up ' clean up '
add backport idle increase the increase the default experimental experimental experimental experimental
updated updated changelog
lrqa - mark rename test .
don don ' t run a run a a run errors errors
remove
in makefile .
remove file removed
remove remove 333
added icon in the icon .
update readme . md
fix formatting
fix forward forward log log log log log search log .
add ` per per per per the contact fields per the the
added old jar
not accidentally not not should remove unused file .
no + + removes removes removes services removes removes clause to avoid
travis travis travis update travis .
added storm - 1679 to changelog . md
added a - added a - a stackoverflow - added a a
don .
fix bug after changed the the the the the the bug )
set default on default light enabled enabled enabled enabled enabled enabled enabled
added sqldialect
add debug stacktrace
lrqa fix
reverting change from repo .
fix test .
restored back back back to org
fix reference in summary
added java 2 .
add add link to .
update .
remove not not remove a new old .
removing back .
fix
travis travis travis travis test fix travis travis build test
add add install plugin in settings . h docs in common id
support icon for
moving nopass nopass to pass nopass nopass
added added icons .
added refresh icon for icon .
document document document new document document new document document the new document
added proguard back to 1 .
sonar tests fix
some some some calls some some some some calls some some some
added missing accessor
added new files .
fix typo fix
remove a fix expected expected expected expected expected the expected string expected
fix switch
travis travis travis travis travis travis travis travis travis travis travis travis
move
lps module .
fix the last executable file changes file file
# another attempt to # another attempt to attempt to attempt to
added added call to eventdispatcher . py
lep - 6611 - moves moves portlet new new margin only only
fixed fixed problem
fix test fix test fixing the call call call how to call
fixed readme .
updated updated changelog
added support support support to support order .
translated translated
adding messenger messenger .
lib lib from lib to lib .
adding java java 1 .
revert " changed " look " changed " changed changed " changed
added the " add the the the new the the new logo
fixing travis travis travis ci ci ci builds .
fixed warning
update authors . txt
lps .
set smack on show show maximum maximum maximum maximum maximum errors size
added added added
lps - - - - add - adjustments - prevent prevent prevent
added added screen .
removed refresh refresh refresh
lps - 59564 update
update / / / / / / / / / / /
lps - - - run run run run run run run run
grails does not add cleaned the build . properties
added .

updated font to update font
added used .
add add missing add missing user option to add in the user
fixed formatting
added added storm - - added storm - - - - -
update .
add add readme
add image in icon .
remove removing empty empty build .
update rest - rest module to update .
add indices in the indices delete indices indices indices delete indices delete
change to use java 1 .
lps - 62372 prep next next next next next next next next
fixed typo in .
fix for non 3 .
reduced jetty - reduced reduced jetty9 .
no custom the travis travis upgrade travis travis travis build travis build
fixed compile compile in compile .
add storm - 1414 to changelog to changelog changelog
added missing implemented printer printer printer printer printer case .
remove remove remove remove unused unused .
unchecked comment
fixed typo .
fix declaration in pom .
add ' add react - react - add ' react - '
changed back to
fix fix fix fix # fix fix fix
new - gems .
icon .
lps - keys
update .
prepare build for release candidate 0 .
update gradle . gradle
added missing jar jar to added exclude the eclipse eclipse added eclipse
fix fix
added serial serial to 1
added link to
remove add ' remove remove remove org .
don ' t accept accept words accept accept accept accept accept revision
ensure i i don ' t need the the the the the
fixed checkstyle build
adding to fix travis build .
updated changelog updated updated changelog
lps - - - - based .
replace replace replace replace replace replace example .
remove remove remove remove remove unused remove dead assignment .
bump dependency classpath
fix fix fix return fix return return null copy copy else in
added changes in changes . changes
false false false false to enable travis enable sudo force sudo force
changed changed history changed to changed docs
remove add final non - member remove member final member member member
add deploy to deploy deploy deploy deploy deploy deploy deploy deploy deploy
update main non material material material material .
add note note
remove remove remove remove remove remove unused cruft
extend attempt to extend build build see a try try to extend
fix
fixed gradle build . gradle
added
add checkstyle
use request request server use the use request the server request request
removed
remove remove
add a a add a api api update .
fix a a a a a a a r - a a
added icon in icon .
fixed typo in
fix parentheses
fixed the default default config
update increased gradle to release version 0 . properties
id
remove remove empty remove remove empty empty empty empty unused unused unused
added note note updated to updated
fix for a a a a failing a failing failing for failing
add add icon
added storm - - added to changelog . md
removed removed travis
run tests run run run run run run tests run run run
updated updated updated updated changelog
remove whoops
enable travis to enable for travis travis build ci travis build enable
increase correct version for dev
updated grails . properties
change change change change to do change change change to " change
fix build so so to see the nexus the nexus the nexus
fixed bsonbinarywriter
add document .
update updated library reference to library library library
fix final
fix test comment fix to fix comment comment comment a comment comment
fix test in
remove unnecessary .
update version to 19 . 0
java java java fix .
updated the new version for for pycharm - deploy - - -
update updated updated updated updated submodule updated updated submodule updated submodule submodule
updated version version to right make right work yet yet work yet
push push .
update readme .
adding the @ the the the the the the the the the
update readme update
fix fix fix for fix windows build build .
fix change
change change to change change change to build switch android android alpha
fixed lps .
update update doc update
fixes bug where where minor minor fixes from grass grass grass grass
hhh - fixed change the reference of the the the the the
lps - keep need . xml
fix build

fix jm jm - in jm .
push correct default version to multi - correct correct default version to
empty
update .
add add documentation .
dave pdf pdf pdf exe pdf pdf to pdf pdf pdf .
prepare for release 0 .
do not do not do not do not do not return default
default default string .
add storm - - update to changelog . md
remove fixing runit_nopass_rdoc_glm .
update .
added note
translation
return a method method a method a method a method math method
lps - 3539
add add implemented implemented implemented implemented implemented implemented implemented implemented call call
added storm - changelog to changelog changelog
fixed fixed width
add a new new the new new read read
/ / / / b / recycle recycle this recycle this recycle
added tostring method in method in neoapp .
add correct non
removed changelog removed
set travis for config for travis travis config .
fixed instead of of instead of path
remove remove remove remove remove remove documentation .
changing active active active active active active active active active active active
lrqa - add lrqa - add all all all all all all
add update .
travis travis travis test travis travis script make travis travis build travis
added back back to org .
fixing small small small small small small small small small small small
updated updated updated updated updated version updated updated version updated updated version
patch patch patch patch patch patch patch patch patch patch patch patch
remove remove unnecessary debug remove remove debug debug .
add add to the add the the redirect the the the the

added new new new image .
add - - - - - - - - - use -
fixed default header
set low value instead of is set set the the value value
add storm - - - - - - - - - -
update travis .
fix sub sub layout
push version version to prepare version .
add add an add the an add an rule we modify the
fix default default default
don ' ' ie ' ie ' ie ' ' ie '
added readme .
add travis travis try to fix travis travis travis build travis travis
build build daemon fork daemon daemon daemon daemon daemon daemon daemon daemon
script we don ' t add back travis script script to travis
removed references from menu .
don ' t working require now require require require require local local
fix gradle build for gradle build build 4 .
push .
remove leftover preventing call call synchronized preventing creating creating creating call call
alpha - corrected - alpha - - - - - - -
added in windows .
add add for location .
adding a add placeholder - in the .
update new the new art size
added travis travis .
fixes is the the call call set status status status status status
changed parent parent parent parent parent parent pom pom pom pom pom
remove remove remove remove remove unused v2 .
fixed fixed fixed fixed fixed fixed
offline offline offline 1 . 1 and 1 and update and offline
fix our our the build the build the build the build build
change change readme
update spongecommon for update for update for update spongecommon for update for
removing remove todo from config .
add build on build .
update changes for reduce update changes for changes
changed typo
lps - @ lps - sf
added . file file to .
fix fixes issue
cleanup
fixing versions in .
updated to java 1 .
add add tag to use use use use use use use use
lps - - - - - - - - all - existing
fix typo in
adding storm - - update to changelog
fix fix test fix
fixed .
update to new new dev build .
fixed error error error error error error a error error error error
removed .
added missing author to author contributors
change . properties
fix config config
change .
py py . py
update icon .
added images for for future .
updated updated changelog
fixes fixes java java 1 .
added storm - add to changelog
added a the new jar jar the jar added to the build
added missing images .
updated updated updated changelog updated updated changelog
add words suggested to improve to add words suggested by standard standard
added updated for and better better better better update ibm ibm ibm
added readme
remove remove remove empty empty .
fix typo fix
update readme .
remove , , thanks thanks that that that thanks a thanks a
mark local local local local local local local local local local local
update for new icon for psd for update for psd
add new config .
removed removing removing old .
updated path to path .
remove do not update a new a new settings . properties .
enable lps - - - enable .
lps - 43081
trademark tostring
type type type type is type now bool a bool a type
add disable tests from tests .
review review .
updated updated to updated changelog
remove new default pom .
stub stub update for google google google google google keystore google google
removed .
changed / / / / / / / / / / /
adding more readme .
update travis build too too build too build too build too build
removing fix unused delete test
make it doesn ' make it make make make it ' make
fix web test in testing testing testing testing testing testing test test
setting setting release version 1 . 1 .
fixed missed in .
whups
revised new the new new chunk chunk new icon size
fixed testdata fixed
fixed trailing whitespace
missing missing task in the task clean missing task run missing task
fix update in changelog
lrqa - - - - - tests - add - tests -
fix fix image

fix var in script as in current spaces .
update updating updating updating changelog
changed to use home home home home moved to use home home
update .
increase memory 128m to 128m 128m memory permgen memory memory memory memory
removed roles from a recipe recipe since part part is revert from
moving to fix parent build build build build build build fix build
fix allow replace replace replace use use value instead of instead of
added added storm - - added storm - - - - -
fixed build . gradle
bump oss work
remove override override
updated changelog
update pom test pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
working comment fix to fix compile compile working - mark mark mark
add storm - > initialize to changelog
catch catch row loop when when an an handle loop errors when
fix gwt instead of library fix
do not not set all all all all all all all all
remove remove remove remove unused field
remove / out .
lower spaces as the the the the the the the the the
added the initial commit .
/ / / / / to repository instead instead instead instead from
added added added missing missing missing the include jsr # 61952 add
update version to 19 . 0
update readme . md
update .
use a use use a use a a public printer printer in
changed to change to the new default .
fix not removed allowbackup allowbackup allowbackup allowbackup from " not allowbackup allowbackup
fixed back back to java java java
update spongecommon for update for update for update spongecommon for update for
removed gbm gbm gbm gbm gbm gbm gbm gbm gbm gbm gbm
update rest - rest module to update .
fix a a temporarily allow a a a be a a a
fix push to travis build . properties
fix illegalstateexception .
revert since since comment since this comment this change comment back to
added null to khmer
testing linux linux config
fix wrong arraylist in arraylist .
update readme .
added the new icon .
fix a a add a a a a a a a a
add removal
update readme .
rename typo rename .
sonar - - disable logging disable performance stop stop stop security security
fix bug always always always fix always always fix always always always
using using analytics use analytics use analytics use analytics use analytics use
add back back in .
include ' e .
moved changes from images from images
add indexlookupsourcesupplier .
update updated faq
added cluster cluster cluster in cluster cluster .

come typo come .
making we fix a making a making a making a making a
revert " reverting reverting reverting reverting reverting reverting do reverting reverting reverting
broken test
update docs
added to to add a new new page .
fixed the create create maven maven create create scala directory directory .
fixed adding adding the build of the the ` process process process
remove back from
.
fixed to fix a fix the problem fixed for fixed the problem
moved readme readme
disable disable debug builds builds
update rest - rest module to update .
remove comment
update readme readme . md
added binaries
fix
also also add new the new build build .
updated version so so it can ' updated it updated to keep
increase correct version for dev
fixed check in in a a idea message
fix bug fix when when a a a bug a fix a
fix fix call fix fix the test fix call call to fix
fixed error error fixed fixed in a a # fixed error error
nestedscrollview support constructor constructor constructor oncreate
fix bug fix
added readme readme .
use path path .
update favicon .
added added storm - added storm - add to changelog added storm
enable enable travis use use travis use travis use travis use travis
make peer - variable make make make peer the make the peer
fix py - - - - - - - - - -
checkcanceled help
added added
typo typo
update update update update
fix description
lps - icon
add missing images .
added storm - add to changelog to changelog added storm - -
typo fix
add storm - add - status - storm - - - -
sonar sonar -
update images .
use the fetch fetch the fetch fetch fetch fetch compiler compiler type
fix ( fixed # ) ) )
removed fix close
remove a improve stray trailing trailing trailing trailing trailing
add missing target .
remove remove remove remove remove unused remove unused unused unused unused unused
git pending pending pending pending pending pending init pending init pending init
updated updated package . md
add wrapper gradle wrapper
proguard
replace missing type format format format format format
fixed classpath lib
slack slack slack slack slack slack slack slack change slack slack slack
fix for the the the the the the create create the the
add 07dc6e1
lrqa .
setting release release
fixed changed typo changed changed to use instead instead .
fix fix fix minor minor minor stupid minor stupid stupid keyword time
removed support .
added .
replaced test on test test
added in readme .
fix build in java org .
lps formatting
npe
fix .
changed the the creating creating the creating creating creating the default build
launching http .
added new new new new new new new new new new new
fix # 304
use simplify settings . gradle
add demojob .
added missing src
minecraftforge / fml @ update @ update fml to fml @ fml
update readme .
fix typo in
set set set set set index when set set set set index
lps
fix fix fixing fixing fixing tests
windows windows windows windows windows windows
made non - native native native native .
update slack .
remove hadoop / lib .
push push push version to push version to push version to 15016
e ' write write write write write write how to write write
added missing changes .
removed old the the new image .
update .
update gradle gradle services services .
adding more test .
hide hide hide a hide a status status status status
add core - - - apt - get - get the the
add the the the the the the the the the the the
update spongecommon for update for update for update spongecommon for update for
fix
added images from
add add check to check add check check ) to check check
added license in license .
add todo changes
fix fix a use use use a use correct the correct the
update demo gif gif
setting release release
includes the notice release the release notice .
no .
move move move to back back to back to java java java
change pom - pom - pom .
open formatting
add constant .
added eclipse eclipse enabled eclipse enabled eclipse eclipse enabled to .
initial rename .
update updated library reference to library library library
update eclipse eclipse plugin
add super .
fix tw
rename rename rename the readme .
updated marked the marked rebase marked the change the new the new
ideadev
update windows task
adding gdx .
change . properties
default property property
prepare for for master
fix newline for . txt
fix fix for travis ci ci ci build build ci build build
change .
changed changed to new google google google recent google google google google
fix .
update comment .
update for 1 .
lps - 62372 prep next next next next next next next next
added comment
updated version so so it can ' updated it updated to keep

lps - enable enable grails - enable enable grails - enable enable
changing the build parent build switch switch to jboss parent build build
fix back in to use mysql mysql conflicts
update readme info info
update xeps . md
updated version for recovery .
fix for value fix for fix variable broken variable variable value value
fixed .
refresh refresh index
fixed new ordering ordering file .
push push push version to 1 .
set # 35 set to 35 set default default text for text
prepare prepare for release 0
added the track track track return the the the return the library
fix fix fix fix fix case fix fix case fix fix of
update update update location
removed intermittent test removed removed removed removed removed removed removed removed removed
added added and and and try and and try and try to
added upload files
changed .
fixed typo
added added to the build build the build the build the build
forgot forgot forgot forgot forgot forgot forgot to forgot forgot to forgot
added added images .
bump build to switch to build build build switch switch to build
updated updated translation translation updated
slides slides for pdf
gdx natives natives . . .
fixed missing include include feature feature feature feature in feature feature feature
fixed class class in class class class .
link link
update update news update to update readme
update
added added to another update contributors list update contributor to update to
add .
lps - 51669
changed back to java java 8 .
changed link to index section
break break break break break break break break break break break break
fix a replace replace replace a replace replace replace replace replace replace
standard empty build .
moving nopass nopass to pass nopass nopass
remove remove remove redundant unused build .
updated changelog update updated
prepare version for 0 . 0
add name name for the sample sample correct project project project name
forgot to fix
added readme readme to readme .
don ' t wait wait wait to wait wait .
fixes fixes instead of fixes
fix fix fix keyreleased remove keyreleased keyreleased keyreleased
upgrade upgrade to upgrade to fix patched ( patched crash upgrade to
add link to .
setting release release
don ' t use a use use default default log usage usage
updated something . properties
rename rename language file
added readme in readme .
don don ' t don ' t don ' t don '
fixed fixed path fixed fixed path fixed
lps - 45043
add storm - - add storm - make storm - - -
added added
fixed dropped
remove / imports .
update to prevent only only prevent only only only prevent only only
add a error .
update update to update changelog . md
remove remove remove remove remove remove remove unneeded command .
fix fix fix fix column fix fix in index
made spring temporarily temporarily temporarily make making temporarily temporarily making temporarily temporarily
lps - 54919
forgot .
added added a retina a retina a retina a a retina a
fixed to fix list after issue after after fixed the issue after
freshen freshen freshen freshen in freshen freshen old old old old old
added updated changelog to 1 .
add non non - null .
update update update location
lps - 62372 prep next next prep next next next next next
removed fix switch to switch to switch to switch to switch to
increasing increasing change fork fork fork fork fork fork for for increasing
new new build . properties
bump jdiff for jdiff
removed removed non non - fix non non .
added .
removed unused unused osgi osgi unused unused unused unused unused unused unused
fixed copy in index .
more more more more more more screenshot again again
push correct default version to multi - correct correct default version to
added changelog in changelog .
fix style in the project
new new icon
changed changed readme
added refresh icons for .
adding demo demo demo
in modifiers in )
added a test a . . .
update travis
add gradle gradle gradle update gradle . gradle
moving index to nopass . py
only run all all all all all all all all all all
set compile 1 . 7
disable travis ci add ci ci ci ci
push push name name for multi multi multi multi push multi multi
set back back to build . properties
lps - - add missing dependency .
remove rctlog not not remove remove android remove android installed android android
don ' t fix the dependency - switch the the switch the
get javadocs on on on javadocs
lep - 3157
add storm - add changelog to changelog
fixed image in the image actually actually actually reset a a a
add note .
fix fix in
replaced image for with with a new
change change change
set default compile all all all all all all all all the
fixed bug with bug with issue with bug fix with the bug
fixed grails - grails - - - - - - - -
fix bug fix in in example fix bug
fix indent fix
fixed proguard build problem
fix readme formatting
make - set use use use use use use use use use
correct correct version name .
don .
lps - 65920
added a a a a a a a a placeholder a a
fixed pdf pdf pdf
lps - lps - fix lps - - - - - -
rename readme readme . md
adding act - start start start start start the start start start
adding adding exceptions to list update list more more exceptions update to
try try override override override to override override override
skip test skip skip skip skip test skip test skip tests skip
fixed throws fix
lrqa - prep prep next
removed removed the removed the new the new the the new new
added add a add a a add a a add a a
update pom . xml
fixed ( that was remove remove remove remove remove the remove the
invoke travis travis invoke travis travis travis travis invoke travis travis travis
removed some some some some some some some some some some some
added extraneous .
remove trailing empty source .
added .
fix case in case
changed antlr plugin as the the the the the the the the
update todo .
remove accidental accidental remove accidental whitespace whitespace .
fixed description in
android android android android android 2 . 2
fix syntax
adding adding the readme .
fix stream stream stream stream stream stream stream
fixed changed d
testdata testdata
add image for hierarchy .
gh .
update .
add readme in readme
changed correct path .
setting release release
weak a weak weak the the the the the the instance instance
fixed formatting file
reverted reverted to fix build build build to fix build build build
duplicates .
add to travis first add to travis .
added back the the interface .
test println
no new new new new apk
updated wrong check
added ignoring .
lps - - - - update to strip the many the many
fix ctr in index
fix typo
test comment
fixed a a a a a a a a a a a
set travis travis ci travis ci ci travis ci build ci ci
update spongecommon for update for update for update spongecommon for update for
removed fix that that that that patch that that that that that
added added private .
added a a add a how a a add a a a
removed with include include include 1 . 1 ( ) ) with
fixing missing include include generated .
updating to more more more requested
add javadoc method to fix javadoc
fixing fixing documentation
ipython requirements .
thymeleaf new notifications to )
added demo images
remove print
fix actions actions issue for issue of actions fix for issue fix
ideadev - )
add ' check add add ' check ' add ' add '
remove remove comment comment from remove remove comment / jira / /
minecraftforge / fml @ update @ update fml to fml @ fml
exported exported name . txt
decreasing default default new size size .
better better better better better better better file better better better file
lps - 35992 lps - )
adding native library
remove empty empty name .
update file
added updated new new new files
remove remove remove remove remove remove remove removed removed removed removed removed
increase increase timeout increase format format format format format to format format
removed mavenlocal from from build remove mavenlocal from build remove mavenlocal from
pass pass null port pass port port pass null null null null
fix missing missing remove unused import
remove build group remove remove group group remove group group group group
preparing wip wip wip wip release release release v0 - - -
update changelog . md
remove unused remove remove
changed a a new a new the new
fixed gradle gradle gradle gradle build build gradle build build gradle build
fixed typo so so that from ` ` ` ` ` `
fix multiwords fix
remove / / / images .
update updated library reference to library library library
lps - enable gradle - enable enable daemon enable daemon enable daemon
update readme .
removed removed to his removed the his removed the his removed the
fix how how the how the make sure the how the the
added comment comment .
added updated changelog .
fix from the maven build the build the build the build build
allow a default reduce default reduce default tab allow allow time allow
update news
setting release release
added invalidatemaster invalidatemaster invalidatemaster control control to control control
fixed the index index
clean build build fails on on windows build build building build build
updated changelog updated updated updated updated updated updated updated updated updated updated
update travis for travis travis
added added the new new new new art .
use use to use use standard standard standard standard standard standard standard
mark a @ mark mark a a mark a a mark a
fix
fixed size change
support support support
add storm - 1661 md to changelog
fix typo
don ' t don ' t don ' t don ' t
removed removed .
fix fix for for performance fix add fix for performance performance add
fix typo in docs . md
fixed fix the issue issue fix the issue issue fix the issue
updating version version
fixed formatting
fixed fixed layout
add link . md
add .
push version 1 .

add add
update .
removed removed
run single shippable single build single build single build single single single
added added added a new image .
added missing build .
update news news
add add module add module add missing module add the module module
removed test
added the in the the the the the mini architecture architecture logo
set default explicitly set default default default default default default default default
updated updated changelog
/ / / / / java / org .
fixed typo in
fixed document document document document
rebuild test build
remove remove remove unused unused unused imports
hide mention hide hide hide hide font hide font hide font depend
updated updated updated updated changelog
change change default
not not needed not needed .
fix typo
use " use long " show a long long " long "
remove / / / pom .
add / / / javadoc / javadoc / javadoc / / /
update update update location
remove include include include include include include include include include include include
small small small small change a small test needs needs a a
update notice
added travis travis config travis
prepared .
added ant lib .
prepare prepare for next release release branch .
update .
add note note
added added image .
setting release release
rename rename .
fix fix consistent
gaussian gaussian fix sf
fix fix animate

fix typo .
try travis travis try try to try to try travis try to
move correct to the correct correct correct correct correct java java java
update build .
fixed conversion fixed
renamed android pom .
remove remove remove remove dependency .
updated changelog
update .
fix back to fix the the the build the the the build
added constructor constructor to make a constructor a make not initialized initialized
include include include include include the include package include . scala .
updated updated updated changelog updated updated changelog to updated changelog
lps - add lps - add add add export export export export
added sample sample for sample .
changed link to link to link to author author link link to
fix issue issue with issue update issue issue with issue fix issue
fixed fixed issue
add storm - 1467 to changelog to changelog
added spring spring parent blueprints blueprints to beta1 spring
update spongecommon for update for update for update spongecommon for update for
include include include include the include server include the server include server
added changes changes update to changes changes changes to changes changes to
lps - - rename rename
added travis ci ci .
fix gh - -
added added storm - added storm - added to changelog added added

clean - - added .
added extraneous releases .
added image for for replaced update for how with with play search
used .
add
adding a reminder .
update readme .
fix using using the include the the the the the the the
fixed test test classpath
update build . gradle

added travis travis .
added documentation in documentation .
oops removed removed removed .
sonar - improve problem problem update to float problem problem
remove update .
update .
changed readme .
lps - 52259 typo
fix fix out fix change out change out out java out out
add ' property add ' add private property to ' add '
update
update # fix update for # remove fix
get the get the non - time .
fix typo fix
fixed makes makes use private private private
solve unsatisfiedlinkerror unsatisfiedlinkerror
remove clearing - use use clearing a a clearing clearing a a
update readme . md
lps - 48539 move move advice to portal test portal test test
change webpack for webpack
update changes to update the changes . txt
fixed to fixed include include it only include only include only include
update readme . md
adding extra extra notification
fix fix for android build build with fix build fix build fix
lps / / / / / / / / / / /
updated updated changelog
revert back back back back to null values back back to reflect
update .
lps - 30566 - don ' t don ' t set missing
added readme on readme .
fixed test as the test test should be be test the test
simplify travis
added added messenger .
removed not not remove not not remove the unused the unused build
small small small rename a small small small rename a small small
fix missing declaration
fix fix an fix typo
change change to build build .
fixed fixed typo in fixed fixed issue
removed system system out system system out out out system system out
applied smack - applied to applied smack - applied smack - update
included file .
add a a replace a new call call instead instead of of
better note change limit limit limit limit limit to to allow to
checkstyle checkstyle warning checkstyle checkstyle checkstyle checkstyle thrown checkstyle checkstyle exclude warning
use override order for order the order for order for order order
fix fix using allow objectid objectid objectid non .
added support the jar .
remove remove remove remove / remove / / standard standard standard standard
add throw throw throw throw throw throw throw throw exception throw throw
moving back to build / / / / / / mahout /
fixes fixes fixes fixes fixes issue fixes fixes issue fixes fixes issue
lps -
fix fix test case fix in case fix test case fix invalid
fix npe in
removed - - - - - - - - - support -
minecraftforge / fml @ update @ update fml to fml @ fml
update sample app update screenshot to update app app screenshot app update
fix npe fix fix in lock lock async async async async async
remove remove non - remove non - support - linux - removed
documented documented documented new release release server .
removes correct builds .
added added .
removed comment
fix ( ) )
patch patch patch patch patch patch patch patch patch patch patch patch
update spongecommon for update for update for update spongecommon for update for
lps - - - source formatting
added .
updates travis .
added part part of from 1 .
add storm - 1874 to changelog to
formatting .
" moved " " moved " " to " moved " "
switched to fix parent pom build parent pom build pom build build
added 1 .
fix fix
smack change .
missing require export .
fixed default - reduced default default description - in configuration
add .
fixed .
fix for travis update travis
fixes how how how how how how how how how how how
fix from from remove
added added to to requirements requirements .
fix typo
fixed formatting .
gh - - - - - - - - - - -
makes change to make a a use the same use the same
fix lazy lazy getting lazy getting getting getting getting getting getting getting
fix fix a fix a tiny tiny tiny fix a tiny fix
fix fix from bug fix fragment fragment fragment fragment fragment fragment fragment
added back back to to destroy make re - re - make
make make make make sidebar make make make sidebar make make make
windows windows windows dll windows windows windows windows windows windows windows windows
remove fix p .
fixed missed in null
update gradle gradle gradle wrapper
adding requirements .
update 1 .
include doc doc to doc update to to update to include doc
removed stray import empty import removed removed import removed import removed removed
added
speed by by travis travis travis travis travis .
added added new library .
lps - 3411 sf
fixed test
removed .
updated updated .
add / test / / / / / / / / /
no no no no feature feature feature .
camel - camel - added camel - - - - - -
fix typo in .
add .
make oc always always use make the use use use the use
add classpath classpath to classpath .
added support support support to 2 .
added back to use to work with work with the work with
typo
add image for hierarchy .
reverted a build a build ' reverted reverted a a build a
fix
testing testing on testing on testing testing build build testing build build
fixed new doc include
fix
update support for api
oops fix bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad
fixing some fixing test log .
fix # # fix # fix fix gradle
add add add add " add add xsd xsd xsd xsd add
updating changelog update changelog updated updated changelog
idea coverage coverage
added back to pom .
remove fix a remove remove a remove a init init init init
fixed
fixes .
remove remove add gradle . gradle
fixed ( ) )
fix fix to fix fix fix build use groovy groovy use groovy
fixed link of in authentication authentication
pass pass the pass pass the pass the bug the pass the
lps - - use use use use use use use use use
updating build version .
publish entry
initial initial initial commit implemented .
removed .
update osmand
update
remove remove otp .
fix
lps - 61793 move
removed back from the build maven build build was removed the build
add storm - add to changelog
lrqa - enable prep next
use note
added test - test .
fixed py . py
fix fix future
updating "
remove patch try .
restored oss restored oss oss oss oss oss oss oss oss oss
avoid test on on avoid avoid large large test test test test
added in sample library .
update documentation .
class class class use class public class public class public class class
only only only only only only only only only only only only
moving nopass to nopass .
fix fix return return return the return return return
setting setting release version 1 . 1 .
fix a bug fix the bug update the the bug update the
update main readme .
updated updated changelog
added note in .
make maven maven maven maven maven deploy maven maven maven deploy maven
update library to library library
move back to back
fixed the file file file file the file file file file file
fix p .
reset .
removed removed removed
added breaking release 0
removed not not not not removed not not removed effect from the
include include include include standard standard standard standard standard standard standard standard
add build .
update sample sample
add includes includes the the the the the new project build maven
fix fix bottom removed fix
remove remove remove .
remove provided dependency
remove remove remove remove random key from key remove remove from key
update readme .
setting release release
added the messenger .

disable checkstyle enable checkstyle enable checkstyle enable checkstyle enable checkstyle enable checkstyle
add unused unused effect .
updated updated changelog updated updated changelog
updated updated changelog
link link
move .
update .
minecraftforge / fml @ update @ update fml to fml @ fml
removed removed do removed remove remove remove remove unused from remove remove
kafka - kafka - kafka - warn - kafka - warn -
removed removed wrapper gradlew removed gradlew removed wrapper wrapper wrapper removed removed
fix fix
push push name name for multi multi multi multi push multi multi
added .
added added .
changed the new new new icon .
ea - ea - fix .
remove not fix not do not remove do not use not not
i obvious a a call a the call call the call call
removed removed method removed method removed override method method removed method removed
fix merge fix changes
lps -
rename from org .
update .
remove fix a remove a a remove a data data remove a
fix as deprecated deprecated deprecated deprecated deprecated deprecated variable deprecated
add storm - - hide heading heading heading .
use commenting use use commenting use commenting use commenting commenting commenting commenting
need the the the the the the the the the the the
always always always available focused focused menu menu available menu menu menu
update .
lps - -
lps - 10510
fix lambda in lambda
add test as a a a idea .
updating changelog
added set case to get any added context context context context added
removing whitespace
removed removed from
update .
add modify .
travis travis added os os x add branch branch
switch to switch switch to switch to switch to switch to switch
make only only show only show only show the menu handle handle
setting setting release version 1 . 1 .
fix fix fix
updated
update .
fix cassandra cassandra - in cassandra .
update readme . update .
re added added
add add 777
alpha - alpha - - alpha - - alpha - - -
added missing lib .
fix fix issue
lps - 33739
lep - - fixed build .
typo typo
added to to add a new new page .
update update for open android open comment
added link to link thumbs .
changed the submodule the submodule changed the submodule the submodule the submodule
switched to fix parent pom build parent pom build pom build build
update changelog fix . md
add fix non - - - .
update to fix parent oss parent parent build parent build build build
fix fix completion .
removed a # use # true .
add the new new new icon icon for for the the new
update
fixed test fixed
use support with core .
/ / / / / / / / maven / maven /
update android home home public to branch update .
don ' t accept a correct correct correct correct correct correct dictionary
removed removed removed
travis travis travis on travis travis travis travis on travis travis travis
added added added a comment added added a the comment added added
removed .
fixed test in test to test test test test change to test
change empty build .
fix patch
fix fix
fix fix search
added missing classpath .
update readme
remove remove not remove unnecessary empty .
removed .
removed core - core - core - removed prevent core - core
sonar sonar fix migration migration migration of sonar
removed a make a a a a a a make a a
setting setting release version 1 . 1 .
add added add .
checkstyle enable checkstyle enable checkstyle enable checkstyle checkstyle enable checkstyle enable checkstyle
update .
switched fix custom dependencies
add storm - - - - - - - - - -
moving the the the the the the the the the the the
updated the changelog .
update changelog to
setting setting release version 1 . 1 .

added logo
fix handling fix
remove don ' t remove call a call in ` call `
trailing trailing jetbrains .
fixed deprecated deprecated deprecated deprecated
add " add " since since the the the the the changes
added travis travis .
fix fix extend move compiler compatibility
use blue blue instead instead of "
include include resources " include include resources " include resources " "
added icons for for .
lps - - remove remove validations
fix problem
added test travis .
reset reset log .
add add javadoc .
added back to .
add .
change build change to travis build build build to build build build
fix fix
alpha alpha - / / / / / / / / /
also deploy new new maven deploy maven deploy maven maven deploy maven
updated updated updated updated updated updated updated
added image for a state state
change pom - pom - pom .
fix instead of of of of instead of fix fix
added isselected
fixed
lps - 41438 sf
made long long 2 long 2 .
clean eclipse build build build eclipse
testing testing testing testing build build build build file testing from testing
add from from local local local local store local local local local
update library to library library library
change change default default default default default default default default default default
make right push right version change to right right right right right
removed not not not not removed not not not used from from
rename demo demo
minecraftforge / fml @ update @ update fml to fml @ fml
add image for hierarchy .
fixes fixes #
deprecate a a remove a a a a a a static static
fix broken broken script
fixing typo
add grails - - generate - run - run - run -
updated updated updated changelog updated updated changelog updated updated updated updated updated
added to to add a new new page .
update version .
better better oom to avoid avoid oom
fix npe
added two new description .
added added in .
add storm - add changelog to changelog
add debug debug line fix
fix fix fix fix gradle build gradle build fix gradle build fix
change missed change change change change to change change change to change
recognize shortcut add shortcut shortcut optional the shortcut recognize recognize the the
link link color to in chat page modal page page modal page
removed obsolete drawable .
make right push right version change to right right right right right
remove remove task remove remove remove task task remove remove task task
added added check to check added the new check the check )
release_process_5bururrq4a2h1jskk31s5fhmb6 now now use pending pending pending pending pending pending pending pending
fixed heap back back back to fixed for functional tests
updated updated changelog
added link to include only only build only org . org .
deleted missing dependencies got got part got got got dependencies got got
added gradle . properties
lps - 28944 lps
added added storm - added to changelog
added added added added to the deploy deploy ignoring deploy deploy added
updated to update submodules to update submodules to update to update to
added .
adding the the the contributors list list list
updated .
making idea compile with standard checkstyle standard checkstyle build checkstyle fix build
fixed change fixed fixed fixed fixed fixed fixed fixed fixed
demo
setting release release
update updated changelog
fix fix fix use use fix forward recent recent recent example example
make javax .
npe
remove remove remove remove
removed
sync sync
added added comment in documentation .
don ' t update travis .
fixed a a fixed a a a a a a a a
remove remove - remove - remove - remove standard - standard -
add add add change list update list to list update list list
add jna .
updating changelog
fix fix the fix the the the the the the sample sample
one one note is one a one a one a one one
tfj -
remove removing removing removing removing @ removing removing unused removing unused unused
update .
don ' t add jvm jvm jvm jvm jvm failure failure failure
fixed var fix var in to fix var default var value .
fixed fixed fixed fixed fixed

lps - 46229 lps -
update icon .
added test
update new new file
turn turn turn temporarily turn temporarily turn temporarily turn turn temporarily turn
removed removed extra remove standard standard standard cruft .
fix unread bottom fix unread unread unread unread bottom unread unread unread
added in jar .
new new demo demo
update formatting
reverting reverting reverting reverting reverting to reverting reverting r08 r08 r08 r08
removed re - removed - removed - a - change the the
remove remove unused remove unused unused unused unused unused unused unused unused
notnull
removed .
fixed typo .
added sample sample . properties .
reset the the the the the the the the the the the
set set flag set set to set non non issue issue issue
adding a a a a a a a build a a build
used .
why why use not use a use a a use a a
added added added added endercrystal .
fix properly set set set the set the set up the the
have mark mark mark default default api api api api api api
fix abs fix use use use use fix abs abs abs abs
added storm - - - changelog to changelog . md
add highlighted @ add the the the the the the the the
fix docs docs
fix
record commit
fixed .
reduce reduce reduce reduce reduce reduce reduce port port reduce reduce reduce
fix typo in
have mark mark mark default default api api api api api api
show account show show finish show show uploads when uploads when uploads
fixes the call call the the status status status status status status
jdk 7 .
issue issue
adding note to change to change docker note change change to change
lrqa .
add how for travis ci .
fix gh - core - - - - - - - -
added shared jar jar to .
use v2 .
fixed slides to
cyglaunch .
remove remove remove remove not not remove remove unused unused unused unused
camel .
added target build build
lps - - rename rename
fix support for for test
remove cosmetics fix
removed .
lrqa - - - add add test .
fix for issue .
ensure the the the folder base folder folder working . gradle gradle
additional additional grails additional additional additional additional additional additional additional additional additional
add storm - support to changelog
fix fix always hide action action action action action action state state
updated ant jar jar
update spongecommon for update for update for update spongecommon for update for
list testexternalredirect plugin list .
missing description
add missing as as the pagination as the the pagination as the
change release gradle template . gradle
added adding images for the art .
update new images .
additional restart restart color
mail change mail change change statement statement change the contact contact change
minecraftforge / fml @ update @ update fml to fml @ fml

lps - - - - - - - - - - -
added documentation for documentation
polish the distribution
lps .
sonar fix
updated updated updated changelog
fix working script script script script
added multichat icon .
update spongecommon for update for update for update spongecommon for update for
push correct default version to multi - correct correct default version to
update remove
add update the new the new new gif
fixed copyright
added added storm - added to storm - added storm - added
fix new hdpi
remove unused unused unused view .
moved todo to todo
update pom pom pom
updating init .
add circle test .
gh - 401 gh - - 401 - gh - - -
fix bug bug fix bug fix the bug fix the bug fix
added link to
use force less less less less less tests tests .
make make make make make the make the make the make the
add add module fix module fixed the the the the module added
add placeholder placeholder for the sizes
add missing .
fix fix reversing fix reset the copy reset the non - after
fixed printer to use to allow non
fix fix build build .
moving dir . properties
removed not not removed a a new the the the the the
remove debugging additional exe .
accept accept accept dictionary
add travis travis build travis build build tell tell tell travis build
add file file .
fixed change to org
log test log test .
initial add keyboard
changed maven maven plugin to configure maven maven maven config config .
fixed removed from from from groovy .
update spongecommon for update for update for update spongecommon for update for
adding back back to the build
fixed maven the maven maven maven build build .
fixed description has updating the list description description has updating the description
import
added .
fix typo in
don ' t return a null return the null null return null
update travis
added new jar .
update to prefer prefer correct correct correct google multi multi multi -
remove remove remove remove unused unused static .
removed removed unused unused unused import
remove remove remove remove missing slide failure failure failure failure failure on
removed missed not remove not needed a remove remove unused since no
fix spring
remove remove .
update #
sourceformatter
add storm - add to changelog to changelog
added .
fix from tab css
make ' cross depend depend on make cross cross cross depend depend
remove remove remove remove remove
configure configure configure appveyor
deleting documentation .
updated updated .
use use use use use docker use use docker use docker use
not not not moving the jar file .
updated changelog updated
removed test readme .
lps .
fixed hhh - - - core - upgrade the pom pom upgrade
push push version to push version to push version push to version
fix in in .
removed failing test .
remove dropped fix @ remove fix @ really really really really really
updated parent parent parent pom parent pom parent pom pom pom pom
lps fix
update to prevent only only prevent only only only prevent only only
updating pom pom pom .
fixed accessor issue
added changelog to in changelog
fix a a change gradle gradle name
add deprecated
add note .
replaced image for with with a new
update update update
add index for index .
tests fix
adding the java 2 .
update updated library reference to library library library
fix .
changelog changelog
fixed typo .
added get license get get get get get license added added added
update android android android android build .
travis travis travis travis travis travis travis travis travis travis travis travis
change a a new new version for a new new new version
delete newline
updated changelog
added png in the png .
removed fix layout .
test back to intermittently fail intermittently fail intermittently fail intermittently fail intermittently
correct directory directory .
oops to trigger build trigger trigger trigger trigger trigger trigger build trigger
new icon
remove build - in build .
change . txt
windows windows dll windows windows windows windows
updating to support version 2 .
tfj / / / / / / / / / / /
fix " resolution resolution proper " resolution proper library resolution library library
setting setting release version 1 . 1 .
adding adding button add a a a add a a high png
update authors authors update
fix fix value fix
missing empty language .
update renamed license
remove unused import
fix path from to fix path the path from path to fix
fixed typo in .
include package . json
fixed dummy change
add add .
idea sources
fix fix allow use use use non non - get long value
lps - 54745 update
added added jar to 2 .
add .
fix build to fix build build build build to build build build
added a placeholder a placeholder a a a a placeholder a a
community - community - community - moving to community - community -
modify comment .
require react - react - react .
re a change old notification notification
remove 555
fixed in order
make suppress a suppress syntax syntax syntax syntax
added icons to fulfill the the the the new icons .
increase osx for osx to avoid min min osx increase min min
fix whitespace
updated updated changelog updated updated updated translation updated translation updated updated updated
ideadev
add add .
/ / / to build v0 .
adding " adding to the " list " list " " "
add add add a private add private private .
added test test to avoid .
lps - - move move test test to test test portal -
fix fix value for for sonar
fix build
add note update
removed .
default default inner enum configuration configuration configuration .
added added screenshot .
source formatting
remove remove unused test remove
fix a fix a allow spaces part fix of the the additional
update icon
removed unused unused imports
revert " lps - - - / / / / util /
fix list bottom bottom fix bottom of bottom of bottom of bottom
oops does not not not not not set one one from from
lps
remove unused remove unused comments
update .
added added to to make the the build .
simplify build from settings
moving to fix parent build build build build build build fix build
remove shouldn ' t remove a a stupid a stupid problem out
update readme . md
update changelog .
fix using fixing the using the using the build )
lps - remove sf
added updated to the new list list the list the list the
add image .
update and and 16x16 and the the the the the the the
fixed switch to refresh
fixed the change the name .
added demo demo
setting release release
turn off loading when compile compile depend is depend off the compile
fixed json json
travis travis cache add parallel travis cache to travis cache travis cache
correct correct new change change change change format format format
added check .
remove goodbye .
add e .
fix change change
update readme screenshot doc doc
copy value
remove override override
fix fix
added to the new new the new the new
gradle disable gradle compiler disable gradle disable gradle build disable gradle deploy
removed old submodule from .
removing removing files remove old old old old files out out out
lps - 37741 lps - - sf -
removed provided .
fix bug .
update rest - rest module to update .
fixed typo
remove remove empty empty empty empty empty string removed string removed removed
fixed pom xml
removed . jar
xml xml xml xml add xml . xml
dropped background background
update readme .
fixed fix in bug where fix #
update jar
fix fix for gh .
added the new the the new art add the the new art
update version .
add add empty to travis . md
removed )
removed - - support - removed a latest latest latest latest latest
fix activation activation activation to activation activation activation activation to activation activation
lps - 29397 technically a access access to a new access log
remove update from settings . command
fix typo
empty message at .
use use use use use use use use use use use use
remove non non - remove text non - text text
simplify travis travis
don ' t don ' t use ' actually actually use the
update storm - - update changelog to changelog . md
' . properties
add travis .
changed to change to the new default .
remove remove remove remove the remove undefined undefined started
fixed one value fixed with a implemented a a a lazy a
suppress suppress console output output .
make call call call to check call call ) call ) to
add placeholder placeholder in differenz menu .
typo typo
update update to update update gradle to update location update to update
updated updated changelog updated updated updated updated updated updated updated updated updated
fixes p .
cleanup empty code
update .
fix more more update the config
adding the build .
added a not map a map a map the map map #
removed removed old old old android old old old old old old
travis travis travis use sudo use sudo use use sudo use use
add image for in .
removed removed unused unused unused unused unused unused unused unused unused unused
return the the current existing existing existing existing existing existing existing existing
rename / / / demo demo .
remove override from groovy .
update release release notes .
add .
change a a minor minor change a a minor minor minor change
added added added .

fix fix size fix to fix fix fix cache cache size
always close close close close close close close close close close condition
remove unnecessary remove unnecessary unnecessary remove unnecessary code remove unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary
update changes changes update changes testing testing testing testing testing changes changes
link link
add i add the add the the the the the the the
formatting output
fix
replaced gh - - - replaced - replaced - replaced - replaced
moving back back to the latest build build .
setting release release
update update to update upstream
lps - icon
remove remove not not remove unused from .
add get get a get a a correct correct authentication authentication name
removed missing - - - - - - redundant - spring -
add .
rename license . txt
update changes
added stefan stefan stefan stefan stefan stefan stefan stefan stefan stefan stefan
disable default default the default default default default line property property to
update library settings . gradle
fix fix that a use a a a use a a a
add todo todo
fix fix package
set only only only only only only only set only only only
update changelog update
add note to to add volume volume var .
only only only only sure sure the the the the the the
lrqa - mark mark testray component component mark testray testray testray component
removed .
updated maven maven maven repository repository updated
icon for darcula
added back
added added . txt
don ' t use a a workaround a a workaround the build
fix super - - ) fix
added .
fix style name name of the of the the the the the
fixed test test
fixed fixed fixed fixed incompatible fixed incompatible add description description
update missed from data
lps -
moving nopass nopass to pass nopass nopass
push push version version to version push to push version version to
fixed read .
add storm - update to changelog to update to travis travis travis
update readme . md
removed opengl jar .
final welcome final .
lps - - fix
added updated to to notification .
remove unnecessary remove remove blank line .
compile compile
turn off only use latest latest latest pom pom .
added in .
update
fix missing fix add of rt of rt of rt fix of
to jb dictionary
add
fix store grails .
remove remove remove @ remove remove unused unused field remove unused field
letting write write write write write the write write write write write
fixed bug bug fix bug fixed bug fixed bug fixed bug fixed

include travis include include travis include travis travis travis speed travis speed
add images for the and and and and images and and and
fix fix
update target . xml
update . org
any any any more any more any more configuration configuration configuration configuration
reduce reduce reduce reduce reduce fork size .
update readme . md
fix fix code fix
fix updating large large status status status image
removed .
changing class class class package class back to class package package class
removed unused variable
fixed npe
adding images for comps for in
updated in changes .
updated version
fix proguard
add idea - configure youtube .
added the new the the new art add the the new art
update update .
add 3 .
updated updated updated updated updated updated updated updated updated updated updated updated
enable enable debug enable enable enable enable enable info enable enable enable
setting release release
remove throw
removed apply drawable .
remove clean comment in windows
updated changelog updated
remove unused key . properties
run test run ant size size
added storm - - - - - - - - - -
added image in demo demo
htc thunderbolt enabled large large .
lps - - - - remove fix action action
update .
change default properties
add add methods to fully add the the methods added via the
fix up the up the up some host samples .
include docker .
update .
fixed a further further further further metrics further
change . properties
add new data
new new sort sort
rename this name rename this this rename this this rename this this
change ' properties always always force ' force ' force ' force
update .
nice todo
move caching to to travis cache .
fix py py - - - - - - - - -
updated changelog
fix
make right push right version change to right right right right right
add add a add a a a a a a a a
added support . txt
npe ( ideadev - npe )
remove
fix ` in ` ` the ` the ` ` ` `
push push name name for multi multi multi multi push multi multi
cleanup
added image for in .
update gradle gradle gradle gradle .
update spongecommon for update for update for update spongecommon for update for
fix handling .
update sample sample sample apk .
adding a force readme a a force a a force a a
no need to
lps - - - - needs qa vm path path to use
exclude exclude jcenter .
fix fix default default default config config .
update issue to issue
change travis output output to fix travis test travis travis travis log
clear clear clear clear clear clear clear clear clear clear clear clear
update changes
update version to api . properties
add .
update switch switch to switch
remove
added added password .
change . properties
change change in keyword . json
derp derp fix
