icon for icon for the icon for for the new icon for
lrqa test
added / resources / index .
add disable sample apk
update to jboss .
fix fix video memory don ' t wrap fix memory for video
updated updated updated updated changelog updated changelog updated changelog
update maven release release .
fix fix to fix breaking flow flow flow issues
more logo to logo logo on logo .
add fix # asciidoc
setting snapshot snapshot version to snapshot
removed revert removed the parse the parse build to the parse build
add build build to build build fix build build build build build
add suppress comment
lps - run run use run use use use use use use
add the flow flow flow api of flow api api
add include include include include include to include include include - -
use the a a the the the the the the the the
minor test test fix test test test .
add super index add add index to index .
update update changelog
update
update to jboss .
adding new version to fix build build build fix build build build
switch back to guava
update .
fix fix fix bug in fix fix bug # fix
added a test test name fix for the test for the the
fix win32 dependency
add report view view on view view view
added storm - added storm - storm - - - - -
use use use use appcompat use use appcompat use use use appcompat
set to the the the branch changes
initialize index index on index
update readme .
removed removed removed duplicated duplicated duplicated duplicated logging in travis
fixed typo
made made big big applied big big big true true to true
added call function function function function ( ) call function ) )
fixed build
added properties
update snapshot snapshot version
corrected aar aar for aar aar
add adding adding making making adding adding adding adding making making making
added missing check check added back for for for add missing for
fixed a a a a a a a a a a a
make temporary ensure temporary make temporary temporary temporary temporary disable temporary temporary
use use use use use use use use use use use use
add for 0 - for release 0 .
add .
add add glossary glossary to add rpm_install for documenting branch branch
document tag for for parent parent tag
added added storm - storm - - - - - - -
( also fix also also also also also also also also also
add missing missed the return stream back to the first first fix
lps - 42230 sf
updated the the new version number
made more fixing switch to switch to switch to switch
removed update maven version .
add changelog to changelog
fix fix in travis .
don don don ' t don ' t don ' t disable
don ' t add mark property property to the handle property property
use comment
don fix the the the the the the the the the the
updated changelog changelog updated changelog .
remove an remove missing reference reference reference reference reference to an an
remove remove remove remove removed removed dead dead reference
the the the the the the the the the the the the
fix todo
don ' t use use use use the use use the use
fix env ` env ` env ` env ` env ` env
update update update update spongecommon for update common for update spongecommon for
add fix file to makefile
added back back back back
don added gitrepository ( ) ) added to allow the the new
fix context context fix context context fix context context context context fix
upgrade parent parent parent parent parent parent parent parent to parent parent
add linux install to install linux
update build . gradle
add ticket also also add migration migration for migration migration for ticket
added storm - added storm - added to changelog
include plugin plugin
added added to googlecode .
update gradle . properties
fix use a use a use a use a use use use
removing removing removing removing removing removing '
add custom todos
lps - generate generate bnd bnd . jar
minecraftforge minecraftforge / fml fml minecraftforge / fml fml for fml fml
update travis .
lps - 52534 add source formatting
update changes
update gradle version .
added comment
fix use use obsolete obsolete reference reference reference ( idea - )
smack smack upgrade to smack 0 .
fix . java make the . java make the single . java
added fix grails dependency for grails -
update to pass the the the the the the the the the
fix change xss for # sh fix
change build . properties
exclude exclude jar jar
travis travis update travis
add .
remove fix a a vote fix vote .
fixed the maven maven - maven maven - maven maven - maven
fix pom pom pom pom fix pom pom
update changelog for changelog
fix
update update changelog update changelog
updating updating documentation file file file to manifest file
added makeglmmodel makeglmmodel makeglmmodel makeglmmodel python python mistake .
fix show error error of use error of connect error of error
fix failing misprint in configuration configuration fix failing test configuration test configuration
add package package in package .
setting version to 1 .
update travis
added the added the launcher as the the the the the the
fix fix for uninitialized uninitialized uninitialized uninitialized uninitialized for if data data
updated updated changelog updated changelog
update sample
remove removing removing removing removing bin / jar
removing unused import in import
added tag tag tag for for tag tag
added changelog
added storm - added added storm - added storm - - added
added storm added added storm - added added storm - added to
add back back back back to the the the the the the
make the public public public in public public public public
move spring grails - - - - drop service " map "
fix send use load send load load load load load in load
revert " " added " " " added to " " "
don fix for the the the the the the the the the
doh .
remove exe don ' t don ' t don ' t remove
remove removing removing removing removing bin / bin / / directory /
fix build version to fix build build to build fix build build
fix updates binding binding binding in binding binding binding
added fix tag tag for tag for tag tag
add adding sync task sync task build build task
make the the the the the the the the the the the
adding lib lib use lib use lib use lib lib use lib
changed changed changed comment to comment
added fixed an a wrong the icon for the the the the
fix fix uninitialized uninitialized ( ) in the constructor ( ) )
enable default default default default default default
update readme
lps - web - web - web web web web web web
prepare next next next functions
add adding words suggested
make the use the correct the buck new the buck buck level
fix
add xxhdpi xxhdpi xxhdpi icon for the back back back back back
fixed fixed typo in the state fix state
update travis .
update readme update readme .
push version to response version code as the the the version code
fix renaming renaming comment in rpm comment
fix make clearscrollrequest fix make the the make the the the the
remove / / bin / / / / / / / /
update .
adding sync for sync build
add add support back to support support support support support support support
lps - 9748 visual revert " " " " visual " "
increase ui ui fix wrap ui for ui ui ui fix ui
retroweave retroweave smack retroweave smack retroweave debug debug debug debug java java
update to build .
update to build fix build build fix build build fix build build
updated the latest new samples
moved to nopass test nopass .
added test to standard test .
added add icon to add icon for for the the the the
don ' reset reset reset reset to reset reset to reset to
add apache apache apache apache commons - apache commons - apache commons
more more more more more
fix fix use use use use use use use use use use
update to - maven maven maven maven - maven maven - maven
removed removed last removed migration migration migration migration migration migration from
don '
adding a adding a glossary glossary for adding a a adding a
remove remove unnecessary remove unnecessary unnecessary remove unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary draw
fix test to fix correct test case fix
update / / / / / / / / / / /
revert unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary throw unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary throw empty
fix mark mark mark mark dependencies scope to mark test scope scope
updated release master master master
updated updated changelog
removing incorrect import in indexedsettest
update .
added storm added added storm - added storm - added storm -
fixed fixed django py - tests fixed tests to fixed django django
fixed the exe exe
use maven buildtools use use buildtools use buildtools use use use use
use use use use use use the use the use the use
fix fix the one of the one of one of one of
update - - snapshot snapshot version to 1 .
fix no typo .
fix push version to the version code code update update to the
updated maven - plugin plugin maven plugin plugin change to maven plugin
fix small texture texture texture back back back back to the texture
remove remove remove remove remove remove remove remove to remove remove remove
added . gradle . gradle for . gradle for adding . gradle
fix pom
added storm added adding storm - added changelog to add storm -
more more fixes to order fixes order order to fixes order order
updated version
added storm - added added storm - added to changelog
lps - turn fix turn don - turn off auto turn off
move this this this test fix this test the this this test
store store array array as array the the store array the array
update update update update readme
corrected one one syntax to number
only only only only site only only only only only only only
use use use explicit gemfile gemfile in gemfile gemfile log log #
add add blur add add blur add blur diagram to add blur
update build .
lrqa - 14606 14606 lrqa - 14606 14606 14606 properties back to
remove fix build build .
rm
add default default default default default default default default config - config
fix fix typo
fix touch activity
add gh - gh - run gh - run gh - -
updatet reference to 0
update build build
add storm - to changelog
remove whitespacek whitespacek
added added added value doc doc to use value notes
updated updated updated changelog updated changelog
lrqa lrqa - lrqa - - - - - test - test
don ' t make unit test run tests for unit run tests
removing removing removing removing removing removing back back back to the since
add browser browser examples browser browser examples browser examples examples / browser
revert in the build build .
remove remove remove 777 remove 777 remove 777
added add missing missing icon for back for a a missing missing
update readme .
change comment
add support support method method
fix issue not allow provide node node and provide node node for
updated
remove remove unused remove unused unused unused unused properties properties
don ' t attempt on fix on on on run on run
update travis
add storm - changelog
add add to the the a a a a a a a
disable don ' t t disable editorconfig in .
fix fix typo
added padding
added added added sqldialect
disable travis .
lps need
update to use latest latest pom version
fix fix the eof in the fix the eof build
switched to parent parent parent parent parent parent parent - parent -
don ' t remove show used used in message message
added added added forgotten forgotten forgotten forgotten dependency to add forgotten runtime
adding build build for travis build build
fix tell suggested
removing removing removing removing removing
remove removing removing removing removing
fix fix allow quick fix allow quick fix allow to allow quick
fix release readme
add update docs to include docs
added adding adding favicon logo
move back to pass the test test back to pass nopass since
added for lines for and and and and new new lines for
icon for icon for for icon for icon for the icon for
changelog changelog
allow support on it
added test test
fix tostring fix for tostring fix tostring for tostring ( ) for
added a added a handle method to handle the the handle case
add minimal images
remove extra remove extra extra extra space
don ' t add add reference to compile reference in to skip
move to proper proper proper link .

lps - 53630 53630 53630 icon
lps - 43715 - 43715 - 43715 - modules - - -
add adding build build build
fix readme fix readme fix readme for readme for readme readme for
added added added parsing parsing updated parsing to include parsing include parsing
lps - - source formatting formatting
fix fix typo
fixed fixed incorrect assertion -
update readme
updated updated changelog updated changelog
gh gh - ( gh - gh - gh - gh -
translated using weblate try ( remove remove remove exception try using remove
added added added messenger to messenger messenger
added for performance sources
adding lib / / / / / / / / / /
better better better better better icon icons
add add image for for a a a add a a a
add cache cache for travis cache
fixed typo
updated notice
fix build .
fixed pointer pointer pointer for pointer for false ) .
remove cosmetic remove unnecessary cosmetic remove unnecessary cosmetic remove unnecessary remove unnecessary
lps - 51874 lps - source lps - 10075 - source formatting
add added added demo added demo demo to add demo added demo
set the back back back back back back back to the bottom
fix
fix fix the the the the the the the the the the
lps - lps - lps - lps - - - - -
enabled grails enabled enabled enabled grails build build
.
lps - 61574 - - - move icon to 13 - 13
add placeholder drop placeholder placeholder placeholder back back back back to the
add back back to the / / / / code / code
add section note note
fixed proguard proguard
added storm - added storm - added storm - added storm -
update
add comment about add comment about in markdown
add back back back back back back for back back back back
remove remove accidentally remove accidentally accidentally remove accidentally accidentally accidentally removed accidentally
update rest update rest client client client client client client client client
use default elasticsearch context context context context
update merged update update to jmm fix update to jmm jar so
lps
add javadoc javadoc javadoc jar
fix review
jetty9 jetty9 - reduced jetty9 - test reduced jetty9 - test test
adding trying to fix travis
fixed wrong test catch catch catch catch test catch catch test catch
added storm - - added changelog to added changelog
fix add a returning a flag on count add local flag for
remove checked removed checked import in the the the last import fix
fix fix suppress incorrect method method
updated the update readme . md updated updated updated
use the use latest version to latest latest version .
update package
fixed dialog dialog fixed dialog dialog dialog
use the " map map " settings " settings " in settings
lps - fixes .
added " created to the the the the the the the the
lps
update travis
adding format version code code
add .
include include include exclude include include include to include include . jar
fix fix fix the " to fix the build " quick "
renamed renamed renamed jar from properties
add fix build build
update comment
do fix do do do do do do do do do do
need the internal / internal / response / / / / /
add defaultcomeslast defaultcomeslast portal build
update changelog for gradle gradle - pages - pages - fix for
updated updated changelog updated changelog
increase comment for the test test
sonar fix sonar
remove remove remove remove remove remove remove remove remove remove reference max
update readme update readme update readme
fix getter fix method since use correct method method method in method
add changes changes for changes for filtering for filtering for filtering for
on travis travis travis
rename rename .
make cosmetic fix removal fix change removal to use display removal type
update pom
updated changelog
fix install setup setup setup setup install install install install install install
don don don ' t auto always auto always always always always
change console from console code code
added updates for testing the source script updates
fix build
move to the new config
fixed exclusion fixed fixed exclusion exclusion
fix joda - disable disable disable joda - local local joda -
remove remove remove unnecessary remove unnecessary removing unnecessary removing removing removing removing
don
add the tighten to the the the the the the the the
fix the the the the the the the the the the the
added added filter filter icon back back for back for the first
auto_sortmerge_join_5 limit_partition_metadataonly for in auto_sortmerge_join_5 .
mark c5fd6e5 mark mark mark mark mark cannavigatetosource cannavigatetosource back to the
remove remove remove accidental remove remove accidental remove accidental remove accidental remove
remove update buildtools
idea idea - - - idea - - - > empty empty
remove remove remove remove remove reference reference reference reference to remove (
fixed fixed typo
fixed fixed indentation
new icon for new new icon for sharing alpha for sharing sharing
added changelog changelog
update .
test test fix
updated updated changelog updated changelog updated changelog updated changelog
comment
added cache cache cache in travis cache cache
fix style fix style for code style fix for code style for
fixed build fixed build build
update changes #
update .
an an empty empty line log to the an an empty missing
added fix enhancement
update reference reference to library reference to fix reference
fix fix the the a line line fix in the line fix
added added a added a a test a test fix the test
create images .
removing fix the the the the the the the the the the
rename / .
move move test back to the test test test fix test test
added for for 2
upgrade to use latest latest latest iocipher changes pull use use use
use back
use maven maven - maven maven - - maven - maven -
updated update update readme update readme
allow typo for instances .
update readme
fixing fixing sdk sdk install sdk stlport
move cursor after after the cursor after clicking move the the the
revert revert " revert " revert " revert " switch " "
update realm realm merge fix realm merge fix realm merge fix realm
update update doc to latest wiki wiki wiki to wiki wiki wiki
fixing even more more static static even even even of even even
fix fix fix in cfdefinition fix in cfdefinition
lps - 2008
use use use use use use use use use ` use use
fix cb fix process process cb on process process on process process
fixed typo .
fix push version to the version code code update update to the
revert " removed in .
revert / / / / / / / / / / /
add some to do fix do do fix enable # enable add
pdf of of of of of of of of home of of

removed empty empty empty empty empty files files
hhh - id
added added storm - added changelog to changelog
remove remove remove not remove remove unused again again for removing again
.
mention mention mention mention change change note change to note to mention
fix translation
fix . . . . . . . . . . .
lps
show success functions
added storm - added added changelog
add missing missing missing missing missing missing missing in missing missing missing
updated changelog
removed up the the the the the the the the the the
added tostring tostring in tostring tostring ( ) method method ) added
don ' for cpp for cpp for cpp for cpp for cpp
fix fixed typo
update build
fix fix for html5 do fix do don ' t t use
deleted deleted removed unused cluster removed
enable enable maven maven release profile
lrqa lrqa - lrqa - - - - tests add portal -
add travis travis travis . yml
fix travis build
fix the default default comment for .
change the the the the the the the the the the the
new new version to 2
applied patch applied identifier for sub '
remove default default default default pipeline ' from pipeline shader
add ios comment
removed removing unnecessary removing unnecessary unnecessary removing unnecessary removing unnecessary removing removing
added a missing a class a class diagram for for a a
fix more build
add add session session session add session session session session session header
fix fix in the the the the the the the the the
added storm - added changelog
removed to fix mistake
fix title don ' t fix title in fix title
change build
add .
react fix
add close postag postag
added adding template .
remove debug .
update .
try try to fix build build
removed removed / bin / /
update
added eclipse eclipse eclipse eclipse
prepare next development version version version .
remove remove remove accidental remove accidental remove accidental remove accidental remove accidental
rc rc bump rc rc
added launcher class
adding link link to .
added missing export code for free free script for free script
update update update
added added travis travis travis added support for travis travis ci support
don fix the chat the the chat chat chat the new dialog
switched to fix parent pom pom .
don make the the the the the the the the the the
fixed fix a bug fix for the the the the the the
add publish to publish editor editor editor editor in editor editor editor
bumped to parent parent parent pom build .
fix fix documentation fix
update update update update spongecommon for update common for update spongecommon for
add add document key key key key key key key key key
update to build build fix gradle build build build fix build build
fix changes
adding tell '
lps - 36447 sf
add add add add a add a placeholder placeholder add add placeholder
don need the the the the the the the the the the
remove " remove " no " no " no " no "
update to latest latest latest latest latest build - latest latest latest
update update to fix allow reference to fix library version to fix
update to the the the the the version the the the the
modify bundle zip
fix enable the enable the enable the enable the all default the
added storm added storm - added storm - storm - added storm
fix use the the the the the the the the the the
no file file
update
fix error .
remove remove remove removing removing removing bin / jar
signed signed signed signed signed signed signed signed signed signed signed signed
update gradle
fix config
update version update to 1 .
removed removed removed unused unused message
update icon enabled icon update icon to the icon
added added for for the export for gh for gh - add
updated updated changelog
fixes java java 1 .
added storm - added changelog added storm - added changelog to changelog
switched switched to let the let let let the let let let
add
updated updated updated changelog
add add add add words to add words
replaced zrtp zrtp sip sip sip sip sip icon . sip .
create create readme readme .
remove / bin / bin / bin / / / directory /
upped double doc allow the double double double doc in the doc
added added initial components . yml . . . . . .
classes classes / / / / / / / / / /
bumping up the release release release candidate 1 .
added add new demo new demo for demo demo for demo demo
checkin checkin check for directory
remove temporarily remove removing removing removing bin / bin / bin /
fixed path
fix fix build guava to fix builds
lps - 64991 add 64991 add 64991 add doc add doc doc
lps
fixed npe
embedded prop type type type type type type .
suppress typo in
update .
updated updated changelog
added added dep dep .
added java to java java keystore
removed removed accidentally removed accidentally removed accidentally removed accidentally removed removed in
updated updated smaller smaller smaller new smaller sample sample
added readme readme update readme .
fix travis build
fix remove missing missing import in missed non - fix non -
fix make the the the the the the the the the the
fix in all build
setting version to 1 .
added back back back to test build
adding stupid this back back back back back to the the the
revised revised revised revised new new icon to use new new icon
fix test for the test fix the test test case of fix
fix typo
added indy added added basename for uberjar task for indy task
fix fix typo
lrqa - - - - - - - - - - -
fixed wrong the wrong test the wrong test getters in the test
fix update method method
fix switch every bash switch to fix switch definition for every ci
updated updated updated changelog updated changelog updated changelog
fixed windows to generate windows windows generate windows generate windows windows -
updated jain - updated source to use of the jstl source of
increase setting setting setting timeout
remove this removed this of the this of of a recipe recipe
updated to parent parent parent pom version
fix enable use the use the use use use use use use
added adding adding adding storm added added storm - added adding storm
upgrade version to gradle 0 .
update for play update play play play play lock play play play
remove remove empty migrate empty migrate empty method
updated updated updated changelog
fix finished todo
fixed osgi - osgi - httpclient - httpclient - httpclient httpclient httpclient
added storm added added storm - added storm - added storm -
ensure ensure really really ensure really really ensure really really ensure really
don ' t don ' t don ' t skip missing skip
don doesn doesn ' doesn doesn ' t matter doesn ' t
fix remove comment fix
remove removing removing removing accidentally removing removing removing removing removing in the
fix make make revently allow allow allow echo check in allow echo
added added added added r .
changed maven build .
added missing missing added missing missing dependency to added missing config dependency
rename / .
fix typo
increase try to fix build
fix wrong wrong action of action in action search
set the project project name name name name name changed name name
allowbackup allowbackup fix androidmanifest
fix fix wrong name to fix name fix name
update update update update spongecommon for update common for update spongecommon for
fixed fixed test list
update rest update rest client client client client client client client client
fix fix custom custom custom profile profile profile profile
modify
fix fix fix build
revert revert revert / since revert revert revert revert revert revert revert
added more more dictionary in dictionary
fix travis
fixed p .
update readme .
add icon for icon for for the new new new icon for
added default value to true settings .
don ' t allow t allow about about about about about about
update update readme update readme
typo fixed typo
temporarily don ' enable enable slf4j temporarily update for order to get
typo fix typo
remove old comment that that create the old comment that that the
add back back back back back to the back a back back
fix errors
fix
reset the buffer reset reset interface buffer ( ) ) when using
updated updated
add image for the export the the export the the the the

lps - enable gradle remove gradle gradle cache cache
adding / .
removed removed removed removed from the index
don failed failed test failed test failed test failed test to test
fix
update for gradle gradle gradle build fix for gradle gradle pages -
gh .
update to old old old old old old old / / /
fix allow double guard of allow of double guard of of of
docstring for ref for per docstring
use packaging
adding readme readme
remove remove remove remove task remove task remove task remove task remove
update rest update rest client client client client client client client client
removing not clean up
updated link to fix readme
support libraries
update update
allow allow exceptions to connect to connect . py
use maven buildtools use use buildtools use buildtools use use use use
fix style fix style for code style fix for code style for
remove remove accidental remove accidental accidental remove accidental remove accidental remove accidental
fix fix quick quick fix quick fix quick quick fix quick fix
don need after don don ' t need to cache cache after
fixed wrong return error in websocket context .
ensure call call call call call call call to oncreate ( )
try fix the bug
update readme .
added fix build to build fix build fix build
replace favicon favicon
add storm - add add storm - add changelog to add changelog
fix trying for server build
fixed typo
fix suppress 1065 suppress suppress order for order
update tostring ( ) ) update to update date dialog dialog dialog
added added changelog to gradle changelog
update rc - 1 .
updated updated updated updated changelog
fix fix an missing missing missing enum
lps - icon move icon
add minimal metrics of of minimal minimal minimal minimal minimal of of
added storm
fix fix missed error
added storm - added storm - added changelog to add storm -
fix sonar
updating image image .
don don ' t use the the use fetch the ` the
fix after fix the the the potential potential after double double the
remove fix the the jpa the jpa the jpa the the jpa
return the unnecessary return the reference method in the method the method
added ` target task for target task
fix enable native support remove support turn remove native turn remove remove
fix win32 win32 win32 control win32 control win32 control win32 control control
added " to " add " to " add " to add
update
added proguard enabled to enabled android builds
added added added added added build to the build build added build
use proguard updated updated proguard proguard to use proguard proguard proguard to
added update travis for travis cache for travis travis fix travis build
use use artifact task version properties
fix fix for the the the the the the the the the
lps lps - 31796 do do not do not not need the
setting snapshot snapshot version to snapshot
mention mention mention change mention to mention mention mention change change to
increase fixed fixed rate scheduling for fixed scheduling
remove old old old old jar
added .
test test for rules
add create for letter test letter first test first first first first
fix
lps - formatting
disposing disposing content
fix .
use auto use auto version use use use version since since use
use a a more hdfs - hdfs - hdfs - hdfs -
add add add new new image for for new new new new
fix fix for getname # getname
fix fix id fix
fixed fixed fixed issue fixed fixed issue fixed
coping coping coping coping sources sources sources for sources sources to sources
minecraftforge minecraftforge / fml fml minecraftforge / fml fml for fml fml
update update readme .
fix fix typo
ensure adding the the the the the the the the the the
lps sf
fix deserialization fix the the the the the the the the the
update linux linux linux linux linux linux dll linux
/ / native native / native / native / native / native
update trying for travis
rename go
push version changes to seriesguide seriesguide seriesguide seriesguide seriesguide changes version code
log debug log debug
update changes
removing removing removing removing accidentally removing removing the removing back the back
update update pom
use gradle gradle 1 .
add add test test
added adding adding missing comment to the the the comment the the
fix build fix fix build
add a break the break break break for the the break break
update update update update spongecommon for update common for update spongecommon for
fixed fixed typo
remove adding adding adding adding
fix add gather available for getname ( close ) close ) )
added missed an forgot forgot forgot forgot forgot to the correct package
add add suppress annotation annotation to the build build .
fix null fix throw null throw null throw null throw null throw
update art art gif update update
setting snapshot snapshot version to snapshot
includes includes the includes includes includes the includes includes includes includes includes
remove removing removing removing removing removing
move back back to the the the the the the the the
update pom .
fixed problem fixed
added zeppelin to use zeppelin - zeppelin - use force use use
revert eclipse project project build
updates . org . org . org . org . org .
update reference reference to library reference to fix reference
fix .
add makefile add add kmeans makefile for write write to makefile .
update reference
rename txtfielreader to the documentation .
update changelog for example
fix access check in access access access check check in access in
use use support non - use use gradle use use use gradle
add a add missed to include a a a a a a
update gradle
fix do fix do fix undo undo undo undo unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary
lps - gradle .
prepare next next next functions
change to c builds
cleanup
moved filter filter to filter filter
updated updated build
fix fix fix final final bug
use use use use use use use use latest to latest latest
lps
add missing library for enum enum library fix enum
use maven buildtools use use buildtools use buildtools use use use use
revert / / / / / / remove the / bin /
lps - source lep infinispan infinispan infinispan infinispan infinispan infinispan infinispan infinispan

fix dependency
put status
update update install install install install install install install install install install
better recovery better recovery better recovery to assert recovery better assert recovery
fix increase permgen to rest test fix rest rest rest rest rest
fixed wrong typo
fix run pane run run run pane add summary summary in pane
fix for experimental experimental experimental experimental experimental experimental experimental experimental experimental experimental
bump
added comment
fix
add rendered added rendered rendered
don use the the the the the the the the the the
update location update update location module to module location module update location
removing test test in test
add .
added added
update .
fix parse
added the need the the the the the the the the the
change changes to changes changes
add add
prep prep prep prep for next
updated changelog updated changelog
add add add a add part for add add a add a
included included included included binaries binaries .
fixed started started started started link to the correct import .
fix properly properly fix properly properly properly properly properly properly properly properly
comment
update update update news news
add git pdf for git git git git for git git git
fix typo
add write script to script .
lps - 36119 lps - - classloader should be protected protected protected
update update update update update update update update to api update update
updated to index
fix use the use the use the use the use the use
fix bower bower bower fix flow flow flow flow bower
cleanup file file
move back to pass the test test back to pass nopass since
cleanup cleanup
updated updated changelog updated changelog
adding pr version name code
add dependency dependency dependency .
fix clicking fix failing clicking have use send use work in the
add fix readme for readme for readme
don ' t fix task ' t fix task in the gradle
fix fix typo
fix the the the the the the the the the the the
update regenerate gwt update dependencies
exclude exclude exclude reference to include include pom
setting snapshot snapshot version to snapshot
use use gradle use gradle use gradle gradle use use gradle gradle
rename to rename .
updated pdf pdf pdf pdf pdf pdf pdf pdf pdf pdf pdf
added add comment for dictionary
fix dependencies
fixed default project
lps lps - 45043 source formatting
add add storm - plugins add to changelog

remove remove remove weird remove left left removed removed left removed from
fix another fix build fix another build fix imports
update to jboss .
changed change style
update update changelog
remove evil remove remove garbage remove garbage turn remove remove garbage remove
fix fix fix missing error in the config fix error
fix
move move portal - 60542 move constants from portal
add / service module add service module add service module add module
added added added to image for for the the new new new
fixed fixed bug fixed bug where bug fixed the post the bug
freshen freshen freshen freshen screen screen screen screen
updated updated updated updated changelog
fix issue )
update location update update location module to module location module update location
lps
remove fix reference to get get get get get get reference reference
tests memory memory memory for tests
use use back back back to build build .
disable default default default default default obfuscation for jdiff obfuscation
fix remove don ' t don ' t remove extraneous extraneous reference
added a added a a reserved a a reserved a a a
remove remove remove unused core from core .
use rethrow ) )
updated icon
fix push version to the version code code update update to the
adding adding adding adding adding adding adding adding adding adding adding adding
don ' fix
fix fix fix the icon
update readme to fix readme # md
added for for the right right right right for right right right
added added demo demo demo gif
return binding as binding method .
changed logo image for changed a a a a a new a
update travis build
update gradle
fix renaming from nopass from nopass
don ' t run don ' t make single single single single
add new build build to include the build new build build build
enable on travis travis enable travis travis ci config on travis ci
adding new version to fix build build build fix build build build
back back back back back back back back back back to build
lps - 19149_social_bookmarks_addition_via_hooks
remove cleaning cleaning cleaning from builds
fixing dependency in dependency test
fixed npe
rollback
added storm - added storm - storm - added storm - -
fix offset fix match the match the offset one of match one
add missing changes . txt
fix wrong configuration configuration didn - configuration didn ' t catch catch
add image of image of of image of 0
update build
get we not get we not get not get not get not
fix an the the the the the the the the the the
added test test test every tests every tests every the tests every
update changelog .
remove don ' t remove an an an empty empty empty statement
updated source .
update readme
fix recommend correct correct correct prototype prototype prototype
update version to build update build to build fix build build fix
gh - - - - - - update - - web -
lps lps - 63528 - js lps - 63528 ( lps -
add add add add add add add add add add a add
fix pdf fix
lps lps - 64368 64368 rename rename to portal - portal -
rename readme
act broken broken
adding exceptions
fix missing missing support fix
configured tests
remove remove fix the comment fix reference to the the the the
lrqa - lrqa - - to lrqa - - - - -
remove removing removing removing back back back to the /
fix catch catch catch catch catch catch catch catch catch catch catch
updated # id
fixed fixed fixed nesting ( on the last fixed the the last
update travis .
update fix test spec .
use lib lib the lib use lib use lib lib use lib
use 16 . properties
update readme update readme
fix change name to use correct correct name name
fix in the correct correct type
working not working working do not working working do not working working
removed removed removed removed removed removed removed comment .
removed removed unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary teardown in teardown
updated the latest android latest android latest android android latest android android
fix broken broken documentation
added created created readme .
disable force force force force switch to use force explicitly explicitly force
fix use the the the the the the the the the the
import import in import .
add add of of of of of of of sort of of
don enabled t enable enable the history use true as the the
update .
added readme added back to readme back to readme to added readme
revert fix dir to correct correct correct properties
setting snapshot snapshot version to snapshot
fix fix typo
make default default default default default default to make the the the
update pom
lep - added adding new image icon
travis .
add add add metrics for ticket add ticket migration for ticket add
added missing missing missing read added missing missing missing read in read
added the last version fix the the the the the the the
support android support android support android support android support android support support
adding adding .
lps lps - - lps - - fix - fix - -
send send send send send send send close on close close close
fix fix grails
fix use correct correct default default default default default value
added adding adding adding comment added comment a comment to add comment
add travis travis adding travis travis travis . yml for travis travis
update update update update spongecommon for update common for update spongecommon for
upgrade upgrade jar
added added added shadowbase64 added shadowbase64 to added shadowbase64 to support robolectric
update readme
tolerate thread for rebuilds for allow to use thread thread thread thread
fixed problem .
adding tests
mark as a a a a a a a a a a
fix documentation
flush back to false to false to fix false .
dictionary to dictionary dictionary
added added screenshots
registry configuration .
remove unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary
do fix idea - idea - idea - idea - idea -
lps ' 67352 add check check check check check
jetty9 test test test
minecraftforge minecraftforge / fml fml minecraftforge / fml fml for fml fml
fixed fixed typo
decreasing decreasing decreasing decreasing set max max max max max max max
make the better better better look update the the mysql better the
lps lps - lps - - - lps - - - -
add add add android android project .
don ' t remove extraneous extraneous extraneous extraneous of unused imports to
updated to include the the the the list the list tweak the
updated updated updated test screenshot
remove don don ' t remove remove reference reference reference to the
fix change
removed removed removed removed remove mavenlocal removed remove mavenlocal from remove mavenlocal
d a ) ) a ) " ) a " ) "
adding missing import import import
disable need to the the build .
specify up version version to 1 .
update changelog
fix make the the the the the the the the the the
updating license
update gradle
fix docs docs build .
update update todo
removed removing removing removing removing the removing the manually removing removed reference
update reference reference to library reference to fix reference
disable default default default default default default property
fix fix readme fix broken readme fix readme fix readme fix readme
update pom pom pom .
don fix the the the the the the the the the the
add comment the comment add comment to add comment to allow comment
update updated changelog .
use javadocs for javadocs
fix bad fix bad bad remove obsolete obsolete obsolete obsolete comment in
update news news
setting snapshot snapshot version to snapshot
added added invalidatemaster method method to
idea - regexps
use the use use flow install core - core use use use
updated updated updated updated updated changelog updated changelog
try on travis travis travis
added adding missing missing returned back
enable add print print param to print param
add the the the the the the the the the the the
fixing fixing which which which which really create the the create the
fix must use a use use correct ) ) )
compatibility
add storm - add storm - add add storm - to add
update update update update typo
don don ' t don ' t remove unnecessary reference reference to
removing removing removing removing removing removing
minor fixed minor minor make proper proper proper title .
update docs docs
fix the the the the the the the the the the the
use seriesguide seriesguide seriesguide seriesguide seriesguide version seriesguide code code version code
fix
fix allow autojoin for autojoin fix for viewing autojoin
update readme .
add added .
bump build
make the global global global global fix the global global global global
added caching on container javadocs
add added .
remove removed removed trailing removed removed trailing comment removed
changed build
added add add missing missing check for the add missing a missing
add add app app of app app dir for the app app
update news
mahout - module add missing module add missing module
add pom . sbt exclude exclude . properties
added image for for the the the the the the the the
fix fix for showrange for showrange showrange fix for showrange # showrange
update updated updated changelog changelog
update pom .
auto_sortmerge_join_5 limit_partition_metadataonly for in auto_sortmerge_join_5 .
fixed fixed peer profile gradient
updated edu edu edu
remove unused unused import in groovy
fix text of of of box box of list box
updated updated updated changelog updated changelog changelog
change default default default default default language property
removing removing removing removing from removing / / bin / / /
added the adding the the the the the the the the the
fixed a small stream of stream stream to increase stream of stream
fix build
add deprecated javadoc javadoc jar to jar
update location update update location module to module location module update location
fix fix makefile fix fix makefile
fix fix for # m for for the for for the the
added notice to fix notice
added travis travis added travis travis added travis travis travis ci ci
update release release .
add gradle jar added gradle jar to use the gradle gradle jar
update update update update library library for update reference for library for
moved " moved " to the directory fix directory on the directory
fix install setup setup setup setup install install install install install install
added add missing icon to the the a a a a a
setting snapshot snapshot version to snapshot
rename rename back back back back back back to back since since
fix fix fix build fix fix build fix for stagefright
fixed fixed gbm test error
add fix scrolling scrolling
fixed to the the the the this this this of the default
removed not not not not not not not not not not not
fix travis travis
move wrong back back back to correct correct location
update pom
fixed typo
add jetty pack to pom .
fix build fix building building building jni build .
updated updated changelog
fix .
use use use use use / use / version / use /
make the make the the the the the the the the the
include include include include the include the include extension include to include
update changelog for changelog
lps
add add add add release release to add release release for release
fixed typo
fix save save to initialize initialize after initialize initialize to initialize initialize
fix fix for the bug fix fix bug for the fix memory
added storm added added storm - 1467 added storm - 1467 to
add add dependency dependency to jar . jar
update update update update spongecommon for update common for update spongecommon for
added the include the the include the the the the the the
update
lps - 56388 lps - 56388 modules - module module modules module
added added travis travis added added travis travis travis ci support travis
fix rc .
added storm - added adding storm - added to changelog
revert " " " " ref to " " " to "
added clean clean build in travis build
use lib lib use lib use lib use lib lib use lib
add no include include include include to activate include image
remove revert the the the the the the the the the the
allow a a cookie cookie correction in the comment .
add reminder note note .
update readme .
ensure if if the the the ensure if the the the the
added missing missing only only added missing test . only added added
update update build .
fixing the compile compile in the the config config
add travis travis travis travis added travis travis ci travis ci ci
add / / gitattributes / / / / / / making making
organize import fix import import
fix on sonar on sonar on sonar on sonar
update travis
add .
add to list list list no more list list list list list
lps - 53563 avoid 53563 user user user avoid user user user
remove empty code code code in the code code code reference to
disable inline inline inline inline inline
fix fix fix apostrophes
remove remove remove update for remove remove remove update version for remove
fix add the the the the the the the the the the
use a use use method use use the use the use method
remove unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary reference in the the the the
make unsatisfiedlinkerror resolving resolving debug info debug info
fix for for for for for for for for for for for
fixed fixed readme .
lps - java move portal java java java 1
fix disable ' rest " rest ' rest in rest test
fixing a updating changes for cassandra -
added missing @ the missing missing correct ref
update readme update readme .
fix
update build update update build
lps lps - lps - - - - - - - -
updated updated changelog updated changelog changelog
changed change to the the the the the the the the the
fix compilesdkversion enabled compilesdkversion enabled to fix build
lps - lps - - - - - input - input input
addes readme readme in readme build .
don ' t don ' t keep the guava scope as the
fix travis
added / / druid / added / druid / druid / added
remove disable disable remove remove remove remove extra disable host to remove
make gbm make test make test nopass make test make test nopass
fix also drop drop drop drop resource resource fix resource resource resource
remove completely completely completely completely completely remove completely completely remove completely completely
fix build .
fix fix typo
removed removed removed system system out system system system . out out
applied applied applied applied for smack
add updates to system system file .
use use use use support support to use device support for use
use use small use use use use use use use use use
now disable test now as test in test test now
added making making create task task for making create task task for
make a making making a making making the a temp performance report
add add jackrabbit add support support back back to support support support
removed removed comment
fix use long exit use exit exit to use exit exit exit
use / use use use use version version since since use use
fix a there fixes there that no show the the the the
lps - service move service service service service move service move service
fix incorrect assertion
fix fix a warning fix
removed added back back back to the the the the the the
minecraftforge minecraftforge / fml fml minecraftforge / fml fml for fml fml
add screenshot image
fix the the the the the the the the the the the
fix shared comment fix
documented documented include socket in documented documented documented socket for documented server
use make default use use use use default default as default default
added .
fixed display display display display row iframe attribute
fix the misuse fix on the the the the the the the
applied patch applied identifier for sub '
update update update update spongecommon for update common for update spongecommon for
lps - lps - lps - source do not remove source remove
.
fix build build build
add add image for for first first add first first first first
added storm - added storm - added storm - - - added
make center use work use use use use work instead of of
moved icon to notebook right right icon
fixed bumped to parent parent parent parent - project - parent -
java 1 .
fix fix created access access
smack upgrade to gradle 0 . 2
don ' t added stdinstream to use the the the the the
fix fix fix permissions
add .
fix fix test to case fix
disable faster build faster build on travis build build
small comment for for small small in small comment
updated update license
added urllib3 to requirements .
bump version to 1 .
fix un fix fix init init init
bumping version to snapshot of development version .
fix fix whitespace
fix a fix a bug fix ( ) also fix the the
add missing ref to ref .
fix bug don ' t t allow revert switch to the revert
add load load cache cache fix for cassandra .
fix don ' fix remove height to fix height
do fix recompile jdirectshow for 64 - 64 - bit bit 64
remove unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary trailing trailing
fix test fix method
use gradle use gradle gradle gradle use use gradle gradle gradle gradle
add add makefile
bump version to 1 .
shade for thrift for thrift docs .
removed fix in test
added pom in pom pom
use travis travis travis timeout on travis travis config
adding minimal back to use of iocipher iocipher use iocipher use use
lps - 10616 lps - 10616 ran add ran ran to the
move unit test to test test fix unit test case
remove removing removing removing bin / bin / / / / /
updated updated updated changelog changelog
add / / the / / / only / only / only
remove marked marked marked report report for for do do do do
add test module module
update update config config
add travis .
fix
bump logback to 1 .
fix count count count count count count count ) count in count
update to global global global global global global global global global session
window window .
add add of of of of of of of sort of of
use build gradle
added start to start the start start start start start start start
made made mistake made made generated generated generated generated quoting quoting more
adding adding memory memory of memory comments in create
fix a typo
remove temporary remove useless useless gradle gradle
fix correct missing ore ore dictionary for correct .
added support obfuscation for obfuscation
added missing sample sample template template template template .
add / copy / copy copy / update for jsp lib update
update change changelog
idea idea - icon ( idea idea - idea fixed idea idea
fix path in parent
don fix leak fix enable tests in the the the the the
fix updated server config in config config
fixed like correct correct logic name
update . properties
fix
fix grailsbootstrap
fix
make the the the the the the the the the the the
lps - 66860 lps - - - - - - - -
push push version version to next version .
lps .
add add back config config config config to add config config config
updated updated to record record record updated to record record version to
fix fix build build file
add .
change pom pom pom
fix comment
lps lps - lps - - - - - - - -
add pom enabling include web include test web . xml
added storm - added to changelog
lrqa lrqa - -
lps - lps - - - - - - - build -
add load exposed exposed for load . properties
fixes tests fixes .
add add add adding the the the add adding the the the
add url
.
remove update shade encoding
added added super super . so the object super super . clear
adding adding back back back back to the the googlecode
update .
fixed fixed name in correct name
update pom
pass pass pass pass pass to pass pass to pass pass to
fix a a a a a a a a a a a
setting version to 1 .
don also also also add the the success the success call the
rename readme readme
updated updated updated updated changelog updated to changelog
updated updated updated reference to include the include compatibility .
change build
added update module for module module module module module module module module
rename rename file rename file
added added forgot to added the the the the forgotten the the
init init
increase build snapshot build increase increase build default build
removing removing removing removing removing
changed changed changelog
disable comment
fix bad type fix type type to fix type type
fix reference in reference .
enable enable use new new dependency dependency
use use maven maven maven use maven maven maven maven maven maven
remove capitalize unnecessary text to text text .
removing removing removing removing removing removing removing removing removing removing removing removing
update
update pom pom pom pom
update update readme update readme update readme update readme . md
setting snapshot snapshot version to snapshot
added app_image
remove fix build build
added headless checkstyle to checkstyle .
include include include include include include duplicated include duplicated include to include
updated changelog to changelog
updated updated updated changelog updated changelog changelog
comment
rename .
added fix
minecraftforge minecraftforge / fml fml minecraftforge / fml fml for fml fml
remove just remove just just just just just just just just just
make the make sure make the the the the correct pre -
update
fix make dosleep now use use use reference method in constructor
adding new version to fix build build build fix build build build
update .
removed don ' don ' t don ' t use use tag
fix back back the back back back to the the the new
finalization operation enable enable remaining compare in edt
removing test dependency dependency does not not not not not needed dependency
fixed fixed a race method method reset method to reset volatile method
fixed compilation fixed fixed to guice fixed to guice as the the
update changes update changes
lps - lps - icon move icon move icon
use use use gradle use use use gradle gradle use use use
update update cas update cas update cas update cas cas update cas
fix fix default default default value in 100k
don ' t use use reference reference reference to switch to compile
added storm - storm - - added storm - - - -
use commenting use use use use use as as as as as
added .
fix fix transparent css links links links
move
lps - 65920 move icon
lps - lps - lps - - - lps - - -
add missing missing an an an an an an an an an
add open setup to binary . xml
update changelog update changelog
set the the classloader set the the the the the the the
don
don ' t removing track removing removing removing images in the build
updated
added sort for tag sort for tag tag
added adding a adding a adding a adding floating create information information
added for for unit test qa 6 for 6 qa qa qa
allow clicks on the action action action action press
setting version to 1 .
fix fix fix issue # fix
update icon to fix the the the the the the the the
add .
update update changes
add update upcomingchanges
set notes to false notes
remove remove 777 remove 777 remove 777
alpha version
add add missing guava tools support tools support project tools tools support
center center fix fix search quickvalues quickvalues center quickvalues center center highlight
lps
lps
fixed fix uninitialized uninitialized uninitialized uninitialized uninitialized to null ( service )
update for gradle gradle gradle build fix for gradle gradle pages -
fix fix
add add notice config config config config config config config config config
adding adding for standard notice
fixed bumped to parent parent parent parent - project - parent -
fix changelog in changelog
fix fix export export error in error
update
don ' t don ' t force the last last last print
do not not do not not not do not not not not
added new icon image for for new new icon
fix migration
fixed test data
adding adding travis travis ci ci ci support travis ci ci support
added build
update "
allow " " in " " " " " " " "
removed removed removed removed removed removed removed manually removed removed the removed
added travis travis travis try to make travis travis travis make travis
another another another another another another another another prepare i i update
remove remove remove remove unused / / / / / / /
change test test to pass test test test pass test test test
changed assembly
fixed source + source + audio source + source + source +
add a function function function function in function function
a time time to fix time time time time time time time
add adding missing proguard configuration
update readme .
removing removing removing removing removing this / build / build build fix
remove removing removing removing bin / bin / / / / /
remove redundant remove redundant empty empty definition definition definition definition definition "
fix fix wrong sonar config fix
removing removing removing
setting version to 1 .
add .
set checkstyle as checkstyle to checkstyle checkstyle .
add travis travis cache update
fix typo
added storm - storm - - added storm - merge - -
remove removing removing removing removing removing removing jar / / / /
move move rename fml from src
added adding the changelog from changelog
setting version to 1 .
remove remove fix up grails / grails / / build / /
added add image for for a a a a a a a
fix # fix the wrong wrong to the the the example example
remove unnecessary fix do remove do remove unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary
build empty build build if idetalk idetalk added idetalk check check to
correct copy / xml
add missing in the the the the the the the the the
add travis travis added travis travis ci support for travis travis ci
fix the the the the the the the the the the the
use ok icons icons
fixed fixed test name
export icons for for run and and run run for run run
lrqa lps - 68289 lrqa - lrqa - lrqa - 17419 porting
fix fix remove for the fix window window effect for effect remove
add travis adding travis travis adding travis travis travis ci for travis
reset log level level level level level level level level level level
updated todo
add add xss for ticket / ticket / ticket fix a ticket
add image image for liferay icon for for liferay liferay icon for
fix typo
adding adding @ @ adding missing @ @ empty empty newline to
rc version /
update comment
updated updated updated updated changes
add a add a a a a a a a a a
update pom .
don ' t don ' t the the the the the the
fix enable enable enable enable enable enable enable enable the enable rebuild
fix add the the the the record the the record the record
lps lps - lps - - - lps - - - -
remove remove blank comment
hadoop . cpp . cpp .
made made openfire made generated openfire generated generated generated generated generated quoting
remove clear clear clear clear clear clear to clear test
support support for library cache library
always always use the use ` ` ` body as the `
update back back
remove remove removing removing removing removing jar jar from jar from jar
got exported the exported note note
minecraftforge minecraftforge / fml fml minecraftforge / fml fml for fml fml
add image for images for images for # add for # of
fixes fixes fixes # 22 fixes # 22
fix the comment reference reference reference
update update docs
fix import for import
don ' t don ' t add missing export task task in
updated updated updated changelog changelog
update for gradle gradle gradle build fix for gradle gradle pages -
update .
run run and run and run and create run and run and
allow allow reset check check in check in the context context context
rename rename to jsonhelper .
removed fixed default tag tag for tag tag for tag
add storm
update
update
fix
support support support
report available report popup for window popup popup available for window popup
remove removing removing removing back back from the build
update back back
remove don '
fixes default default default default index to index
smack smack upgrade to smack 0 .
fixed tests in the build fix heap build build build
updated updated updated updated changelog updated
added jetty .
remove - - run - - remove old image '
add add add gradle add gradle gradle gradle back to add gradle
lps - - - refactor lps - - refactor lps - -
added storm added added storm - added storm - added storm -
added migrated travis to migrated travis travis added migrated to travis travis
updated updated
added added to .
change change list
updated .
fix
fix fix name name
removing removing this shouldn shouldn shouldn ' t t removing the the
setting snapshot snapshot version to snapshot
updated updated updated changelog updated changelog
forgot forgot to fix filter filter filter
fix copy .
fixed npe
make receiver apply apply apply apply sdk sdk to apply sdk apply
fix travis
sync sync sync
increase timeout to clarify parse timeout config
add travis build task task task task
missed missed missed missed missed missed missed missed
fix xss in order for now now now now now now now
update multiwords . txt
.
added change to changelog .
update changelog
fix readme
use smack throw consistent consistent consistent smack instead instead instead
last remove last last last cleaned last last last last cleaned last
update update switch for android use use android use android use use
added added junit to run maven maven test .
add require require license config .
fix jsdoc jsdoc jsdoc jsdoc jsdoc jsdoc jsdoc jsdoc jsdoc to init
enable enable enable fixing syntax in the the the css . java
lps
update icon enabled icon update icon to the icon
update the explain explain in explain explain explain explain type in explain
re fix up the the the the the the the the the
use default switch to use maven maven default maven maven tool tool
remove " remove " " remove " " " unnecessary " "
fix collapse fix fix collapse
added adding back back back back back to the back back to
add demo demo demo demo cordova demo demo demo cordova demo demo
update update update v1 . md
bump version version to version 0 .
removing removing removing back back back back for the the the the
don ' t don ' t don ' t don ' t
annotated annotated annotated annotated to django cleanup ( py - cleanup cleanup
remove remove removing removing back back from jar
changes changes update to changes changes to changes changes fix changes changes
use use use use use use 0 . 2
add add changelog to pairs add changelog to pairs changelog
added added added shutdown close to the shutdown close the shutdown object
added fix build .

make . . . . . . . . . . .
added added added a added a a added a a added a
turn session session session session session session session session session time for
don make the the the the the the the window use the
fixes the the the the the the the the the the the
add changelog to changelog
don ' t return return return in arguments in arguments
change docs to fix title docs
fixed spr upgrade dependency
record record
add .
fix changes
run run run instead of run
don make the the the the the the the window use the
fix show account in upload
reset request request request to request
corrected package package added package
use reduce local local local timeout timeout timeout timeout timeout increase timeout
updated changes changes
lrqa - lrqa - - add add - - - - add
add gradle to travis settings
update pom
add add back back to check jar
use use use use use latest to latest core core core core
updated to fix the the the the the the the the the
remove removing removing removing removing missed the removing the removing back the
remove removing removing removing build build
added a a flask a a a a a a a a
added back back to back libs
lps lps - lps - lps - - - - - -
do + not depend + add this + sdk + + +
remove remove remove random remove random remove the random remove sideonly remove
fixed build .
lps - tests lps - - - tests - - - -
add missing need to add config config to add config config for
reduce reduce test tests
fix the grails - grails - and grails support grails - support
added storm added storm - added changelog
don ' t webview webview add webview when webview webview when webview
updated
update update update update spongecommon for update common for update spongecommon for
renamed id id
added add missing empty translation for translation ( # add missing missing
fix bad bad fix bad bad bad bad bad bad in global
use sdk level level fix .
add of of pdf of of of of of example graphic
update update update update crop crop crop crop gifs
update update
change change to the the the the the the the the the
minecraftforge minecraftforge / fml fml minecraftforge / fml fml for fml fml
update travis
lps - 46869 lps - - - - - - visual -
added class class for class added class class for class class for
docs tests tests in docs
add proguard .
fix sonar fix ff fix ff fix ff fix ff fix ff
updated updated updated changelog changelog
export java_home for d d
add back back back back back icon for back back for the
update update update update spongecommon for update common for update spongecommon for
fix push version to the version code code update update to the
update contributing
add update gif to gif
remove erroneous typo
added storm
fix re
eliminate remove remove remove rid remove remove remove rid remove remove remove
fix typo
adding camel - - pom pom .
bump up build version to 1 .
add adding circle config
gh gh -
override modifiers
add fix build build
temporarily disable disable disable disable comment to disable disable tests
update pom .
add pom
add add new new text text icon for action back back for
test test test test
fix fix a state fix fix the state after state fix the
add minimal minimal project
use latest maven - maven - plugin - plugin plugin version to
add missing missing missing gradle gradle - - add gradle - -
remove removing removing removing removing the back back back in the the
logic of
add adding adding ' to adding ' users ' adding ' '
fix travis build build build fix travis ci build build build change
add dfsf file to add netty for eradicate add netty to add
use use use use maven use maven maven maven - use maven
more test exceptions exceptions
idea - idea - - - idea - - idea - -
fix cd
removed / .
update update update update spongecommon for update common for update spongecommon for
add a missed a a a a a a a a a
changing goal
change link to the readme .
removed removed removed import removed removed import in import .
fixing bug
fix fix typo
fix wrong wrong return return wrong wrong method in wrong wrong method
added build to 32 + 32 + 32 + 32 + 32
add add back back to third_party third_party to third_party .
fix build for gradle build / bugfix / issues / pull fix
remove remove sleep remove sleep remove sleep remove sleep sleep to remove
remove missing missing empty empty empty empty import
fix hashcode fix hashcode support hashcode fix hashcode for hashcode for hashcode
revert " remove accidentally remove accidentally remove accidentally remove accidentally remove accidentally
yosemite support yosemite for yosemite
removing removing removing removing removing removing removing removing removing removing removing removing
new rules rules
lps lps - 11771
added storm - storm - - - - - - - -
update .
fix tweaks
fix update aboutlibraries
remove remove remove accidental remove unnecessary remove unnecessary unnecessary remove unnecessary unnecessary
fix fix build build to fix build build fix appveyor build build
documentation
updated bin dirs
use change comment to use of use of graylog2 comment
remove / / remove bin / bin / bin / / /
changelog updated changelog
removed removed removed removed
don '
fix deploy order for order
update version to fix the the version number number to fix the
fix for width
increase registry change property change to use since the registry use use
add fix missing index in index
switched to parent parent parent parent pom
lps
update to jboss .
updated pom - pom pom pom updated pom pom updated pom pom
fix making making allow a a allow a the a the the
gh - 20newsgroups
added adding missing missing unneeded dependency dependency dependency for added ( missing
add missing @ to add missing to add missing comment to fix
add add add text description
add image of image of of image of 0
updated ' dslv oc dslv dslv dslv oc submodule submodule
set title
removed unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary
added back back back for back back to the native acra -
update reference reference to library reference to fix reference
fix do fix the extern to fix the global global extern to
updated changelog
updated pom updated pom updated pom pom .
added added
temporarily don ' t don ' t don ' t use the
add .
update first development reference development version to 1 .
allow the the the the the the the the the the the
updated updated changelog updated changelog
added added added icon to image for the coverage
fix don ' t t fix the the the the the the
nopass nopass to nopass nopass to nopass nopass to nopass nopass to
rename license .
set to the the the branch changes
fix merge
removed removed the removed the the the build the build to the
update for next next dev dev iteration
include windows windows windows windows windows include windows include windows
use use use use use use default default default version default version
update to learn naming naming 22 . org
added " reference to " fix " " " to allow "
setting version to 1 .
added added added logo added added icon to logo .
update authors update update update
fix use syntax error error
add add language language for translation ( persian ) add language for
rename license file
remove unused get unused ssh to get get get get get get
fix fix
fix for settings for settings for settings for settings for settings for
add add add package for package package .
remove unused unused unused import
add
sources asm to asm asm asm sources to asm asm asm sources
fix review
lps
adding adding adding adding back back back to the the the the
added fixed missing image for linux fix missing icon
fix fix fix install script script
add readme readme .
added synchronization modules
change path to format path
use not use the use the use the use the use the
removing removing removing back back
add 444 444
fix fix broken for guard / /
fixes configuration configuration
new icon for new new icon
fix fix fix dependencies
fix adding comment
updated updated updated changelog
fix fixed npe
added .
fixing go submodule
adding " " uniformly "
fix error fix in the the the the the the the the
don ' t use the resolution after resolution after the resolution after
lps lps - 59533 move portal - to portal - portal -
fix adapt details details for details
accidentally accidentally accidentally accidentally checked checked in fml
update updated changelog update changelog
remove removing removing removing back back back from jar
fixed broken preparation . java
added added added adding adding adding screenshot for adding a new new
lps - 2008 lps - 58748 2008
remove remove remove remove remove fix the the the the the the
use the use use the use padding padding as the use the
fix fix update the the the the the sort image for the
remove remove remove remove unused unused reference from the remove remove unused
lps lps - - - - - - - - - -
fix make align time time align align time time time time time
no the restored the restored restored back to the the the restored
remove change .
remove remove remove remove sleep comment remove reference to remove comment to
update gradle . properties
set " " support " "
update
updated to parent parent parent pom version
fixed volatile in constructor for term term term term term term term
update update readme .
update changelog changelog .
fix should should repair should repair current current current process process should
lps -
get uses updating updating how to public openjdk openjdk public to public
add a add a for a a a add a a a
new run run run run icons . png
fix try
fix back back back to the name fix since the the the
add add demo demo added demo demo gif
setting snapshot snapshot version to snapshot
enabled enabled enabled failed to mode mode mode mode mode enabled enabled
fix renamed argument for argument
fix run cache for travis
remove references references references
another tests introduce tests add tests for tests to introduce tests and
fix fix # enhancement remove enhancement bug in fix
update update to fix pubdev - pubdev - fix pubdev - -
remove remove remove remove remove the remove the the reference reference '
added art image
disable disable disable disable disable store test case in case
fix the the the the the the the the the the the
remove remove remove remove the remove output output for remove the remove
added notes for notes for notes for notes
corrected style
removed removed removed removed removing removing removing removing removing the removing removing
remove removing removing removing the jar removing removing removing that removing removing
lps lps - since since source sf
bump version to 1 .
don always use a a use a typo in the a a
update rest update rest client client client client client client client client
fix typo
remove remove remove accidentally remove accidentally remove accidentally remove unnecessary remove unnecessary
use use use use use use module use use use use use
remove removing removing removing removing removing jar jar from jar
cleanup 35 properties
remove remove left remove left remove left left remove left remove left
fixed readme
fixed small error in small fix description .
new in the version ( py ( py ) ) ( py
fixed build
added add new new new launcher image
update update update . gradle update update
updated changelog for release notes
remove unnecessary removing unnecessary unnecessary removing unnecessary unnecessary empty empty empty empty
upgraded to upgraded snapshot to snapshot snapshot snapshot
fixed power energy request power power power power request power request request
lps lps - since only only only only only only only only
fix fix build build number to fix build
removed removing removing removing removing removing removing removing removing removing removing removing
added " empty " empty " empty " empty " empty "
excluded task task for the the the task the task the task
update to sync sync for sync sync
fix
fix build .
added storm - storm - - - - - - used -
update .
added on travis
set the project project name name name name name changed name name
don ' t use use use as as default as default to
removed unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary unnecessary of unnecessary
debug the debug task debug debug on debug debug output ( the
memory to true as the memory as the memory as the memory
added added for #
change
update to latest latest pull pull pull pull commit pull pull commit
updated updated changelog updated changelog
fixed fixed fixed wrong bug in fixed wrong problem
fix don ' t count fix count in count count count count
keep stupid minimal test .
fix explanation in the fix travis build
created add testing testing for testing
added and and and corrected and and and look and and and
remove removing removing removing accidentally removed accidentally removed back back in the
use travis ci ci ci ci ci build change
added nav of nav nav nav of of of of of of
remove drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop
fix the new new new new new new new new new new
added the renamed to the the sample file .
lps - disable delete gradle clean up task
add changelog changelog
add .
fix build
added .
allow for the the parse window
fix lock cache for apps cache
undo undo whoops update after undo update to whoops
remove remove remove unnecessary remove unnecessary remove unnecessary unnecessary remove unnecessary unnecessary
added hint ' title in title
comment
add add updates to authors .
no test does don ' t t execute in test case
update caching for history reload caching caching caching for caching
fixed fixed gdx to the repository repository .
updated scope to use scope scope use use of version code since
setting snapshot snapshot version to snapshot
update build to build fix build
lps - icon
add
add filter filter filter to filter search view
don ' t need up up up to the the the the
remove remove .
rename comment
fix changes
add a missing super for a a a a a a a
fixed minor spec for docs for docs
fix settings
fix fix a a a a a a a a a a
todo todo
fix include some server - server server server - server - server
update update
updated updated changelog
add suppress option option in id
restore need to make the the the tck make the the the
lrqa - component lrqa - component add component component add component component
removing / / bin / bin / / / / / /
use latest maven build version in readme
icon for for for provide icon for for new icon for for
remove remove checked checked checked for in the the build build build
update dev dev dev dev
build memory fix memory for ci ci build
add missing missing missing in index
adding new the new new travis new travis new travis new travis
use execute in case int case .
move test test fix test test
fixing test
fix back back back to fix a bug fix a bug fix
lep - 2415
move back to pass the test test back to pass nopass since
push push version to actor push project sdk version code
make sure it now now read read read read read read read
added storm added adding storm added storm added added storm - added
fix fix readme
removed removed removed removing back back back back back back to the
remove fix update device dependency dependency
lps - 39159 - - - - inline visual formatting to be
fixing documentation in documentation docs
fixed ios markdown markdown
fix fixed try try ( try fix try try to fix try
use use use use latest use use latest latest version
add missing test test .
update update readme update readme
add allow for data data data data data data add data data
to jb dictionary
fixed explicitly explicitly explicitly explicitly explicitly explicitly explicitly explicitly explicitly explicitly defined
fix fix wrong typo to fix the wrong typo
remove remove remove remove remove @ remove remove remove remove remove remove
letting the letting the letting the the the letting the the the
fix copy when fix the connection connection connection connection in the connection
don ' now don ' t now now shouldn ' now now
make travis enable travis enable ci make ci cache cache cache cache
added added images for images
fix for a random a random a random a random max max
exclude test . jar
update
configuration configuration not removing needed needed needed to configuration .
try increasing increasing increasing heap to download heap build
added build to the gradle build .
remove remove remove sleep remove volatile remove volatile volatile
add image
make source source formatting
fix merge / / / / / / module / module /
enable random 25 25 # 25
fix if if the the the the the the the the the
added image to image . properties
update todo

fix use gradle use gradle gradle use use gradle gradle use gradle
fix whitespace
added add new new new launcher image
code park fixed ` in demo list
add test response test test
updated updated changelog updated changelog
margin console .
setting snapshot snapshot version to snapshot
fixed wrong the wrong of the ' of the of the the
removing removing removing
add add add add add add include include include include include include
updated updated updated updated changelog updated changelog
adding the the ttl ttl don " not not create the the
fixed build
added storm added added changelog
add missing missing missing missing of of a a missing a missing
added adding adding adding a adding a potential adding adding a potential
lps - title
update travis
fix build . properties
added null null added added method method to null method method as
fix memory fix fix makefile fix in the linker build fix alpha
adding adding github memory test
moved erroneous to .
add fix to add close to close close to close close close
update gradle
allow typo for undefined undefined
always fix redraw on on redraw on redraw redraw fix on redraw
fix renaming spelling image
revert .
updated updated change changelog .
implemented implement
update travis
fix robots ( py ) )
updated updated changelog
remove unnecessary remove unnecessary unused unused unused unused attribute
update back back
add drop drop for interface for interface interface
expressions expressions expressions
clear an clear refresh refresh after after clear clear clear key after
remove remove remove accidentally remove remove accidentally remove remove accidentally remove remove
deploy missing empty empty cmd name
adding new version to fix build build build fix build build build
added de - added tests added ( # destroy added ) )
added a add a image of of the of the of the
gradle gradle use gradle gradle use gradle use gradle gradle use gradle
update update update update spongecommon for update common for update spongecommon for
update cacheversion for for the the node node fix node node use
sample apk apk apk apk apk 0 apk apk apk apk apk
add a a add a a a a a a a a
update .
lps lps - 57534
add gradle test errors for moved
update deploy . yml
better better of dataset
fix travis build build
fix the the the the the the the the the the the
update update changes
fix release library for release build
add mike stott back to pairs back to pairs back to pairs
turn turn not fix switch for the builds for buck builds for
removed fix in jar in build build
finished sf
update gradle
add npm npm include npm npm npm - npm - include deploy
fix failing tests
